128
What is defined as the ability to do work?
Where does most of the earth's energy come from?
What is the term for viscous magmas that are high in silica and tend to stay below the surface or erupt explosively?
The bohr model works only for which atom?
What type of bonds are formed by the side-to-side overlap of p orbitals?
Each species has a particular way of making a living which is called its what?
Silver is an example of a mineral containing only one kind of what?
Evaporation of moisture is greatest where it is?
What are the two terms that designate how well aqueous solutions conduct electricity?
What are by far the most common type of invertebrate?
What system does addictive drugs affect?
Cells that have a nucleus and other organelles which are membrane-bound are generally called what kinds of cells?
Each bond includes a sharing of electrons between atoms. two electrons are shared in a single bond; four electrons are shared in a double bond; and six electrons are shared in this?
What do ecologists study at every level?
What broad group of animals are the first true tetrapods, vertebrates with four limbs?
Known for its beautiful rings, what is the second largest planet in the solar system?
What is it called when two plates slide past each other in opposite directions?
What part of the eye allows light to enter?
What are the little sacs at the end of the bronchioles called?
The number of what subatomic particles determines an element’s atomic number and is used to distinguish one element from another?
Which sphincter is located at the stomach end of the esophagus and opens to allow the bolus to enter the stomach?
What type of bonds are formed by the side-to-side overlap of p orbitals?
Properties of matter can be considered physical or?
Hypersection by an endocrine gland is often caused by what?
On what lobe of the liver is the gallbladder near?
How many openings do adult tunicates have that siphon water in and out of the body?
The cell membrane consists of two layers of what?
What symbol is used to indicate directionality in chemical reactions?
What broad animal group is thought to have evolved from theropod dinosaurs around 150 million years ago?
What soil is common in deciduous forests?
The energy required to remove an electron from a gaseous atom is called?
How do multicellular organisms grow in size?
What do you call the study of how organisms interact with their environment and each other?
What allows some things to enter the cell while keeping other things out?
The variety of cell shapes seen in prokaryotes and eukaryotes reflects the functions that each what has?
How many viruses that can cause cancer in humans have been identified by scientists?
What kind of cells are polyribosomes found in?
How does the water cycle end?
The three units of kpa, atm or mmhg commonly measure what?
Birds are thought to have evolved from a group of bipedal dinosaurs called what?
What is the most direct way of recovering a metal from its ores?
What is the process called where nitrogen is repeatedly recycled through the biosphere?
What development is less risky for the mother?
What patterns in trees can be used to determine its age?
Upon death of an organism, during composition, what returns to the soil as ammonium ions?
What element is present in all organic molecules?
What is the most direct way of recovering a metal from its ores?
What is stored mainly in liver and muscle cells by humans and other vertebrates?
Skyscrapers and other large structures built on soft ground must be anchored to what, located below the ground surface?
Earth's axis is an imaginary line passing through which poles?
What are the little sacs at the end of the bronchioles called?
What do we call a simple machine that consists of a rope and grooved wheel?
An individual virus is called what?
What results from uncontrolled cell division?
In a solution what is the substance a solute dissolves in is called?
What are the smallest structural and functional unit of all living organisms?
What arises due to crossing over, independent assortment, and the random union of gametes?
What is the side to side movement of the mandible called?
Where are b cells produced in the body?
Free fatty acids are carboxylic acids that contain long chains of what?
What is most energy that is lost to the environment lost as?
A fuel cell is a galvanic cell that requires a constant external supply of what?
What is the conversion of a solid to a gas called?
What element is present in all organic molecules?
The left atrium receives oxygen-rich blood from which organs?
Vertebrata are characterized by the presence of what?
What term, calculated by multiplying heart contractions by stroke volume, means the volume of blood pumped by the heart in one minute?
What is a disease caused by the same virus that causes chicken pox?
When we were dealing with electrical effects, it was very useful to speak of an electric field that surrounded what?
Wearing personal protective equipment such as goggles and gloves during an experiment is an example of what?
Does atmospheric pressure increase or decrease as the altitude increases?
Where do mushrooms get their energy?
What term describes the process of vesicles fusing with the plasma membrane and releasing their contents to the outside of the cell?
The majority of elements, including iron and copper, are of what type?
The ionic end of a detergent can either be a sulfate or what?
What is the resultant waste product of photosynthesis?
Which chemist developed a process to remove carbon and dust particles in smoke?
Unlike matter, which is continuously recycled through ecosystems, what must constantly be added to an ecosystem for use by organisms?
The beginning of what season experiences the shortest period of daylight hours?
If the water vapor condenses in liquid droplets as clouds form, what is released in the atmosphere?
Collateral ganglia controls organs in which cavity in the body?
Toxins and poisons are ______ enzyme inhibitos
Oogenesis, which is gametogenesis in females, begins with what type of ste cells?
What functions in removing phosphorylated amino acids from proteins?
Why is closed reduction simpler than open reduction in bone repair?
Vascular plants all have roots, stems, and what?
The chemical and/or physical agents that cause mutations are called what?
How does a neon light produce visible light?
What is a vector quantity with the same direction as the force called?
What determines how long a planet's orbit is around the sun?
The four basic types of tissue are epithelial, muscle, connective, and what?
What crucial role does beneficial fungi play?
Movements in the mantle cause the plates to move over time in a process called what?
Speed, loudness, and pitch are properties of what?
What is another name for anther pollen sacs?
A bee will sometimes do a dance to tell other bees in the hive where to find what?
A thermite reaction is thermodynamically spontaneous, and because it is associated with a significant release of heat, it is regarded as what?
Ingestion and propulsion are the first two steps in which process that describes how humans process and consume food?
A thermite reaction is thermodynamically spontaneous, and because it is associated with a significant release of heat, it is regarded as what?
What are the majority of solution properties dependent upon?
The skin disease impetigo is caused by spread of what type of microorganism?
What shape are the muscles that control the anus?
In a solution what is the substance a solute dissolves in is called?
Hydrogen-based fuel cells were and are used to provide what for manned space vehicles?
What is the conversion of a solid to a gas called?
Corrosion is usually defined as the degradation of metals due to what?
The skin disease impetigo is caused by spread of what type of microorganism?
Reversible reactions are indicated by what kinds of arrows?
Which chemist developed a process to remove carbon and dust particles in smoke?
What part of the neuron is a large structure with a central nucleus?
There are many types of asexual spores. conidiospores are unicellular or multicellular spores that are released directly from the tip or side of this?
Why do snakes have venomous bites?
Honeybees doing the waggle dance or spiders spinning a web are examples of what type of behavior?
What type of molecules help the plasma membrane keep its shape?
Birds are thought to have evolved from a group of bipedal dinosaurs called what?
In the inner ear, the vibrations are changed to electrical signals by hair cells lining what?
The pressure inside a container is dependent on the amount of what inside the container?
Cysteine is a type of what fundamental building block of protein?
What three parts is the earth divided into?
Parasites infect the host's what?
In photosynthesis, what process involving carbon dioxide and oxygen occurs through small, regulated openings called stomata?
What type of cell function relies on microfilaments, which are the actin components of the cytoskeleton?
What contains positive protons and neutral neutrons?
What functions in removing phosphorylated amino acids from proteins?
A reaction producing heat is what type of reaction?
What do most living things use to make atp from glucose?
The sun gives off energy in tiny packets called what?
The lithosphere is divided into a dozen major and several minor what?
