173
What green cell structures of a leaf are visible under a high power microscope?
Known for its beautiful rings, what is the second largest planet in the solar system?
What two types of tissue compose most of the non-pregnant and non-lactating female breast?
Parasites infect the host's what?
The leaves of what plant genus are the source of the compound ephedrine, which is used in medicine as a potent decongestant and is similar to amphetamines?
What is the mechanism by which favorable traits become more common in organisms over the course of generations?
What element is present in all organic molecules?
What is one thing that cell membranes are permeable to?
Corrosion is usually defined as the degradation of metals due to what?
An object attached to a spring sliding on a frictionless surface is an uncomplicated type of what device?
What is the physical transformation of an insect moving through stages of life?
The pressure inside a container is dependent on the amount of what inside the container?
A collapsing nebula leads to what process?
Which planet is named after the roman goddess of love?
What is the term for the ability of a fluid to exert an upward force on any object placed in it?
What is the cause of common mold allergies?
What do you call health-promoting molecules that inhibit the oxidation of other molecules?
Many species of flowering plants have coevolved with specific what?
What do astronomers term the stretching of space that causes the distance between galaxies to increase?
The similarities and differences between the genomes confirm patterns of what?
With wavelengths from 400-700 nm, what kind of light represents only a very small portion of the spectrum?
The bohr model works only for which atom?
Melting ice is drastically impacting the number of what at glacier national park?
Horny ridges on the jaws serve the same function as what, for turtles?
What is first stage of cellular respiration?
What is a thin membrane stretched tight across the end of the ear canal that vibrates when sound waves strike it?
Many species of flowering plants have coevolved with specific what?
How does the water cycle end?
What is a mixture of a solute in a solvent called?
The hydrogen is oxidized because it undergoes a partial loss of what?
Where do extrusive igneous rocks cool at?
What is the term for when an embryo fixes itself to the side of the uterus?
What causes the alpine tundra to be so cold?
What blood-carrying structures contain one-way valves that contribute to the return of blood to the heart?
What system enters the brain stem and influences activity in the cerebellum, spinal cord, and cerebral cortex?
During a human pregnancy, which trimester exhibits the greatest growth of the fetus and culminates in labor and delivery?
What is a fiber that is found only in mammals?
All of the populations that live in the same area make up what type of group, which includes populations of different organisms?
Oogenesis, which is gametogenesis in females, begins with what type of ste cells?
Ecological succession refers to the change in the numbers and types of species that live in what groups?
A moraine is sediment deposited by what?
What do we call a simple machine that consists of a rope and grooved wheel?
Traits may also be controlled by multiple alleles or multiple what?
Mollusks have a true coelom and a complete what?
Animal behavior can be said to be controlled by genetics and experiences, also known as nature and what?
What do nectar-feeding bats do to flowers?
The components of a mixture keep their own identity when they combine, so they retain what type of properties, such as boiling point and ability to dissolve?
The feeding positions in a food chain or web are called?
What are people with osteoporosis at increased risk of?
As the telencephalon enlarges and grows into the cranial cavity, it is limited by the space within what bone structure?
An increase in what levels results in sound waves that are louder and of greater intensity?
A metarteriole is a type of vessel that has structural characteristics of both an arteriole and this?
In what type of organisms are daughter cells individuals?
When sediments settle out of water, what do they form?
Breathing involves differences in what, measured in torr, between the inside of the lungs and the air outside?
Unlike prokaryotic chromosomes, eukaryotic chromosomes are what?
In the microbiology lab, what technique refers to the procedures that are carried out under sterile conditions?
What is the term for the preserved remains or traces of organisms that lived in the past?
Where is dna located in prokaryotic cells?
On a global scale, plants and other photosynthetic organisms have generated all of what element in the air?
What are by far the most common type of invertebrate?
What theory states that there is no interaction between individual gas particles?
A vector is any quantity that has magnitude and what?
The earth's gravitational force causes the moon to do what?
The relationship between a nucleotide codon and its corresponding amino acid is called what?
Which molecules are made of one carbon and four hydrogen atoms?
What branch of science explains much of what you observe and do in your daily life?
What instrument is used to make very sensitive mass measurements in a laboratory, usually in grams?
Each bond includes a sharing of electrons between atoms. two electrons are shared in a single bond; four electrons are shared in a double bond; and six electrons are shared in this?
How does the water cycle end?
In our bodies, the chest cavity is a clear example of a system at what?
Certain air pollutants form which liquid when dissolved in water droplets in the air?
Where are pressure receptors mainly found?
Properties of matter can be considered physical or?
Properties of matter can be considered physical or?
What is the radioactive process used in nuclear power plants and one type of nuclear bomb?
Bones, cartilage, and what other thing make up the skeletal system?
By exploding what the space probes get separated from their launchers?
What are the flattened, disk-shaped cells in blood that carry oxygen?
The pressure inside a container is dependent on the amount of what inside the container?
What is the process by which plants make the simple sugar glucose from carbon dioxide and water is called?
How do very massive stars end their lives?
What type of chemical reactions release energy?
What is the most direct way of recovering a metal from its ores?
Connecting a magnesium rod to an underground steel pipeline protects the pipeline from corrosion. because magnesium (e° = −2.37 v) is much more easily oxidized than iron (e° = −0.45 v), the mg rod acts as the anode in a what?
What is the space between a neuron and the next cell?
What is the most common cause of down syndrome?
What is land with permafrost, no trees, and small hardy plants?
Earth's axis is an imaginary line passing through which poles?
How do prokaryotic cells divide?
What do you call the basic units of the structure and function of living things?
What happens to light when it passed from air to water?
Where do short period comets come from?
Where is dna located in prokaryotic cells?
About how tall can mid-ocean ridges be?
What system consists of organs that break down food and absorb nutrients such as glucose?
There are about 6200 known species of what?
What analytical technique, using stained gel, can separate dna fragments or rna molecules and proteins?
Often generated by molecular cloning, transgenic organisms possess what from a different species?
What do ecologists study at every level?
Oogenesis, which is gametogenesis in females, begins with what type of ste cells?
What type of waves transmit the energy of an earthquake?
What is the organ system that brings oxygen into the body and releases carbon dioxide?
Foodborne illness, food allergies, or a food intolerance cause symptoms in what system?
When equal amounts of a strong acid such as hydrochloric acid are mixed with a strong base such as sodium hydroxide, the result is what kind of solution?
In the u. s. , the majority of electricity is produced by burning coal or what else?
What are the small molecules or proteins produced by bacteria that regulate gene expression?
What are reptiles unable to absorb through their skin because of scales?
Ingestion and propulsion are the first two steps in which process that describes how humans process and consume food?
What theory states that all matter consists of constantly moving particles?
What is the study of water movement, including waves and ocean currents?
Magnets have a "north" and a "south" what?
What do you call the basic units of the structure and function of living things?
What rock group offers the richest source of fossils?
How often should women perform a breast self-exam?
Yeasts, molds, and mushrooms are all different kinds of what?
What leaves behind crescent-shaped scars on a hillside and  may be caused by a layer of slippery, wet clay underneath the rock and soil on a hillside?
What do voltmeters measure across a resistor?
The spokes of what structures that distinguish saturn appear seasonally, with an origin as yet unknown?
What force occurs because no surface is perfectly smooth?
What are catalysts in living things called?
What determines how long a planet's orbit is around the sun?
All chemical reactions involve both reactants and what else?
When a nerve impulse reaches the end of an axon, what are the chemicals released by the axon called?
What are plants that are adapted to very dry environments called?
In the case of the moose, predation is an additional factor that regulates what?
What does scientific notation use to write very large or very small numbers?
Exothermic reactions, like all chemical reactions, require what to get started?
The softer connective tissue that fills the interior of most bone is referred to as what?
What forms when nitrogen and sulfur oxides in air dissolve in rain?
What do seeds have that spores do not?
The ileum is the last part of what digestive system organ?
What kind of weather do psychrophiles need to grow and reproduce?
What part of the neuron is a large structure with a central nucleus?
What geologic era is also known as the age of mammals?
Matter is made up of a mixture of things called what?
Hormones are often regulated through what?
Where do short period comets come from?
Can nematodes be a parasite of plants, animals, or both?
What is the membrane lining the back of the eye called?
Like the frame of a house, what gives the cell an internal structure?
What is usually the most visible part of the flower?
What happens to water when it freezes?
What structures are at the end of the long air passages in the lungs?
Which form of dialysis has a patient’s blood pass through a length of tubing that travels through an artificial kidney machine?
What is the organ system that brings oxygen into the body and releases carbon dioxide?
Where are liverworts most often found?
What are different versions of a gene known as?
What are the smallest structural and functional unit of all living organisms?
The number of what subatomic particles determines an element’s atomic number and is used to distinguish one element from another?
Acidic hydrogen atoms are those which will be transferred to what?
Where are pressure receptors mainly found?
The tibia is the larger, weight-bearing bone located on the medial side of the leg. the fibula is the slender bone of the lateral side of the leg and does not do what?
What once most common bird in north america became extinct in the 1800s?
What type of mechanical weathering occurs when one rock bumps against another rock?
Matter is made up of a mixture of things called what?
What model describing atomic structure is often referred to as a planetary model?
A skydiver will reach what when the air drag equals their weight?
Known for its beautiful rings, what is the second largest planet in the solar system?
What is the most abundant of all vertebrate classes, and the most recent to evolve?
The number of what subatomic particles determines an element’s atomic number and is used to distinguish one element from another?
Isotopes are named for their number of protons plus what?
The muscular layer is much thicker in which ventricle of the heart?
What geologic era is also known as the age of mammals?
What organs are considered the female gonads?
What does a continuous string of earthquakes indicate about a volcano?
In the u. s. , the majority of electricity is produced by burning coal or what else?
The skin disease impetigo is caused by spread of what type of microorganism?
What type of climate does the coast of california have?
Properties of matter can be considered physical or?
What is a thin membrane stretched tight across the end of the ear canal that vibrates when sound waves strike it?
What is the most abundant metal of the earth's crust?
In humans, the only haploid cells are what reproductive cells?
