256
Most modern seed plants are angiosperms, which produce seeds in the ovaries of what basic structure?
What cells does the skeletal system make?
What is land with permafrost, no trees, and small hardy plants?
What arises due to crossing over, independent assortment, and the random union of gametes?
Matter is made up of a mixture of things called what?
Convection is the heat transfer by the macroscopic movement of a what?
All chemical reactions involve both reactants and what else?
When water is aerated it can provide a plant's roots with what gas for cellular respiration?
What is the most important function of enzymes in animals?
What is part of a large fungus that lives underground?
After coming apart from the crystal, the individual ions are then surrounded by solvent particles in a process called what?
What is the process by which organisms give rise to offspring?
The leaves of what plant genus are the source of the compound ephedrine, which is used in medicine as a potent decongestant and is similar to amphetamines?
What are the two types of digestive systems invertebrates may have?
What type of cell function relies on microfilaments, which are the actin components of the cytoskeleton?
What type of cell function relies on microfilaments, which are the actin components of the cytoskeleton?
What is the purpose of a bird using flashy displays?
What green cell structures of a leaf are visible under a high power microscope?
What is the name for the energy waves that radiate out from the center of an earthquake?
The nervous system has two main parts, called the central nervous system and the what?
In weather terms, what do you call the boundary between two air masses?
All of the elements in group 9 have nine of which electrons?
Most of the fresh water on earth is tied up in a solid form. what are they called?
Acidic hydrogen atoms are those which will be transferred to what?
The overall voltage of the battery is therefore the sum of ________ of the individual cells.
Ibuprofen and albuterol are examples of drugs whose _________ have different effects.
What kind of rock layer makes up the bottom of an aquifer?
Hertz proved that what type of waves travel at the speed of light?
What does pepsin help break down into amino acids?
Oxygen, carbon dioxide, atp, and nadph are reactants in what process that plants use to produce food?
What makes marginal lands unsuitable for farming?
Calcium ion is an example of what kind of messenger?
What is the electron domain geometry of ammonia?
What glands remove water, salts and other wastes from skin?
Solutions of nonelectrolytes such as ethanol do not contain dissolved ions and cannot conduct what?
What are used to indicate the number of atoms of an element that are in the compound?
The earth's gravitational force causes the moon to do what?
Most hybrids are sterile because what genetic structures are not homologous and cannot pair during meiosis?
On a global scale, plants and other photosynthetic organisms have generated all of what element in the air?
Light is a form of what kind of energy?
A fuel cell is a galvanic cell that requires a constant external supply of what?
Oxygen, carbon dioxide, atp, and nadph are reactants in what process that plants use to produce food?
What is the dinosaur genus that's closest to modern birds?
Monomers of condensation polymers must contain how many functional groups so that each monomer can link up with two other monomers?
What process done by bacteria makes them important producers in aquatic ecosystems?
What record shows that dinosaurs originated 200-250 million years ago?
What sort of walls are helpful for keeping a slope stable?
What term means the amount of water vapor in the air?
Some bacteria cannot be cultured because they are obligate intracellular parasites and cannot be grown outside what?
What are chromosomes made of?
What anatomical structures insulate, protect and provide sensory input?
Most insects reproduce quickly and through what type of reproduction?
What is the radioactive process used in nuclear power plants and one type of nuclear bomb?
The bony socket that houses the eyeball and associated muscles is called?
What divide on their own by a process that resembles binary fission in prokaryotes?
What does the ovule mature into after double fertilization?
What gas is released when dead organisms and other organic materials decompose?
Natural gas is the predominately made up of?
Lyme disease is caused by what kind of organim?
What broad group of organisms is characterized by sensory organs, the ability to move, internal digestion and sexual reproduction?
Proteins are categorized according to shape and what property, which correlates with it?
What unit of measurement is defined to be the number of atoms in 12g of carbon-12?
Skyscrapers and other large structures built on soft ground must be anchored to what, located below the ground surface?
The tibia is the larger, weight-bearing bone located on the medial side of the leg. the fibula is the slender bone of the lateral side of the leg and does not do what?
What happens when ionic compounds are dissolved in water?
The four basic types of tissue are epithelial, muscle, connective, and what?
How did the first seed plants form seeds?
What do methanogens act as in sewage treatment plants?
What type of cell function relies on microfilaments, which are the actin components of the cytoskeleton?
What is defined as the act of contaminating the environment with waste?
What glands remove water, salts and other wastes from skin?
Lichens are not a single organism, but rather an example of a what?
What is the side to side movement of the mandible called?
What is matter in the universe that does not emit light called?
What are alveoli?
What divide on their own by a process that resembles binary fission in prokaryotes?
A series of arches that support the gills of aquatic amphibians and fish are known as what?
What term is used to describe  the variety of life and its processes, including the variety of living organisms, the genetic differences among them, and the communities and ecosystems in which they occur?
In an ecosystem, what do you call organisms like lions that capture and kill other animals for food?
What do experts estimate is the cause for the extinction of hundreds of species every year?
What protects the pollen of seed plants and spores of seedless plants?
What is the si unit for weight?
Photosynthesis is an endothermic reaction that gets its energy from what?
What occurs when competing species evolve different adaptations?
The left atrium receives oxygen-rich blood from which organs?
Most hydrogen atoms have how many protons?
The percent yield is determined by calculating the ratio of actual yield by what?
What happens to water when it freezes?
The temperature at which a substance melts is called its what point?
What is the side to side movement of the mandible called?
What gland secretes growth hormones?
How often should women perform a breast self-exam?
Which organelles, made of protein and ribosomal rna, build cellular proteins in the cytoplasm?
The cell walls of what organisms are strengthened by chitin, unlike plant cell walls, which contain cellulose?
What are living things that produce food for themselves and other organisms called?
In the grand canyon, the same rock layers are visible on opposite sides of the canyon and were deposited simultaneously, which is an example of what?
Why do fish have short esophaguses?
Unlike prokaryotic chromosomes, eukaryotic chromosomes are what?
Breathing involves differences in what, measured in torr, between the inside of the lungs and the air outside?
What is utilized to analyze simple mendelian inheritance?
What is the study of water movement, including waves and ocean currents?
A fever also causes the immune system to make more of what?
A moraine is sediment deposited by what?
What are groups of stars called that are smaller than a galaxy?
What is another name for anther pollen sacs?
Somatic cells come from the body and are not what, like sperm or eggs are?
What is the membrane lining the back of the eye called?
What type of diseases occur when the immune system attacks normal body cells?
What type of chemical reactions release energy?
Properties of matter can be considered physical or?
Sounds are produced when muscles in what organ are tensed, stretching the cords so they vibrate?
What does a continuous string of earthquakes indicate about a volcano?
The basic voltaic cell variations are the dry cell and the what?
Where on a jellyfish is the mouth opening located?
Soap acts as what kind of agent between grease and water?
Where in the target cells are intracellular receptor proteins found?
What compounds form crystals instead of molecules?
Reactants may also be present in such low concentrations that it is unlikely they will meet and do what?
A metarteriole is a type of vessel that has structural characteristics of both an arteriole and this?
Like the frame of a house, what gives the cell an internal structure?
All chemical reactions involve both reactants and what else?
What type of diseases occur when the immune system attacks normal body cells?
What is it called when two plates slide past each other in opposite directions?
What system consists of organs that break down food and absorb nutrients such as glucose?
What are the flattened, disk-shaped cells in blood that carry oxygen?
What is the term for materials that have both a defined shape and a defined volume?
Which body system breaks down food and absorbs nutrients?
Habitat loss caused by human actions is a prime culprit in what phenomenon, which appears to be occurring for a sixth time?
A rock that contains important minerals is called what, a term associated with mining?
What type of cells detect stimuli?
What is the physical transformation of an insect moving through stages of life?
What is it called when sound is reflected off an object?
What is the passing of traits from parents to offspring called?
What is the watery fluid that bathes tissues and organs and contains protective white blood cells but does not contain erythrocytes?
What term describes reproducing by external fertilization after the female sheds large numbers of small eggs?
What do induction cooktops have under their surface?
Highly reactive nonmetals, which only accept electrons and do not give them up, make poor what?
Do changes to rocks happen quickly or slowly?
A vector is an organism that carries what disease-causing microorganisms from one person or animal to another?
Asteroids, comets, and planets move around the sun in curved paths called what?
What happens to energy when work is done by a system?
What is considered a good source of calcium?
What is the general name for a group of atoms derived from an alkane?
What broad animal group is thought to have evolved from theropod dinosaurs around 150 million years ago?
Some bacteria cannot be cultured because they are obligate intracellular parasites and cannot be grown outside what?
Acidic hydrogen atoms are those which will be transferred to what?
Viruses replicate only in where?
What nervous system is divided into two parts, the sensory division and the motor division?
What functions in removing phosphorylated amino acids from proteins?
When mendel crossed purple flowered-plants and white flowered-plants, all the offspring had what color flowers?
What are the smallest structural and functional unit of all living organisms?
What is the transition from solid to vapor is called?
What process, which is in many ways the opposite of photosynthesis, shows the interdependence of producers and consumers?
Most insects reproduce quickly and through what type of reproduction?
Telomerase is typically active in germ cells and adult what?
What branch of science explains much of what you observe and do in your daily life?
What broad animal group is thought to have evolved from theropod dinosaurs around 150 million years ago?
What model describing atomic structure is often referred to as a planetary model?
What type of behaviors are rigid and predictable, and usually involve basic life functions?
Carnivores that eat herbivores are what kind of consumers?
When the earth is between the moon and the sun, what type of moon shows?
The number of what subatomic particles determines an element’s atomic number and is used to distinguish one element from another?
What is released to lubricate the vagina to facilitate intercourse?
Earth's axis is an imaginary line passing through which poles?
A moraine is sediment deposited by what?
What does the gradient of bicoid protein determine?
The majority of animals belong to what category, characterized by the lack of a backbone?
What kind of hormones serve many functions in addition to promoting gamete production?
Like the platypus, the echnida is a what?
What is the process in which unspecialized cells become specialized in structure and function to perform certain tasks in the body?
What is the cause of common mold allergies?
What is written as systolic over diastolic?
What term describes reproducing by external fertilization after the female sheds large numbers of small eggs?
What model describing atomic structure is often referred to as a planetary model?
What are atoms of the same element that differ in their numbers of neutrons called?
A thermite reaction is thermodynamically spontaneous, and because it is associated with a significant release of heat, it is regarded as what?
Asteroids, comets, and planets move around the sun in curved paths called what?
What can slow down the increase of viruses in the blood?
What living creatures comprise the "rainforests of the oceans"?
Which part of the atmosphere do greenhouse gasses trap heat in?
There are 20 different common amino acids needed to make what organic compound?
What type of telescopes collect and focus radio waves from distant objects?
What holds together adenine and thymine?
What anatomical structures insulate, protect and provide sensory input?
Cnidarians are an example of organisms that possess a simple type of what system, used for sensing touch?
Do changes to rocks happen quickly or slowly?
What is a form of cell division in prokaryotic organisms that produces identical offspring?
Who wrote the book on the origin of species?
What type of change is undergone when the physical properties of a substance are changed?
What are the small molecules or proteins produced by bacteria that regulate gene expression?
The electrode at which oxidation occurs is called?
Which organelles, made of protein and ribosomal rna, build cellular proteins in the cytoplasm?
The efficiency of a machine is a measure of how well it reduces what force?
On what day of the cycle does ovulation usually occur?
What determines how long a planet's orbit is around the sun?
What are different versions of a gene known as?
The right and left hip bones, with the addition of the sacrum and coccyx form what section of the skeleton?
In an ecosystem, what do you call organisms like lions that capture and kill other animals for food?
What type of biomes have water containing little or no salt?
Animals breath in air in order to obtain what element?
The sternocleidomastoid is the major muscle that laterally flexes and rotates what?
What is the most important source of electromagnetic waves on earth?
What is the difference between oils and fats at room temperature?
What instrument is used to make very sensitive mass measurements in a laboratory, usually in grams?
In an ecosystem, what do you call organisms like lions that capture and kill other animals for food?
Earthquakes cause longitudinal waves as well as which other waves?
Convection is the heat transfer by the macroscopic movement of a what?
When equal amounts of a strong acid such as hydrochloric acid are mixed with a strong base such as sodium hydroxide, the result is what kind of solution?
Compound forms when atoms of nonmetals form molecules that are held together by what?
During evolution, something happened to increase the size of what organ in humans, relative to that of the chimpanzee?
During a human pregnancy, which trimester exhibits the greatest growth of the fetus and culminates in labor and delivery?
All of the elements in group 9 have nine of which electrons?
What is the watery fluid that bathes tissues and organs and contains protective white blood cells but does not contain erythrocytes?
What bonding is formed in polar amino acid side chains?
The evaporative loss of the most energetic water molecules does what to a surface?
What system enters the brain stem and influences activity in the cerebellum, spinal cord, and cerebral cortex?
What type of biomes have water containing little or no salt?
How are the fetuses of eutherian mammals connected to their mothers during gestation?
What do you call the study of how organisms interact with their environment and each other?
Water found on the surface of the earth is referred to as what?
Gymnamoebas constitute a large and varied group of what?
What are groups of stars called that are smaller than a galaxy?
In the grand canyon, the same rock layers are visible on opposite sides of the canyon and were deposited simultaneously, which is an example of what?
What are different types of tissues organized into functional units called?
What happens to the pressure when more gas is added to a rigid container?
All of the elements in group 9 have nine of which electrons?
Pairs of nitrogenous bases are attached to each other by?
What part of the sperm contains the nucleus?
What structures are at the end of the long air passages in the lungs?
What do we call a simple machine that consists of a rope and grooved wheel?
Because optics fibers are thin, entering light may strike the inside surface at greater than the critical angle, requiring attention to what?
The products of what process are needed for cellular respiration, and vice versa?
There are 20 different common amino acids needed to make what organic compound?
What is the purpose of a bird using flashy displays?
Prophase is preceded by a preprophase stage in what type of cells?
What kind of drugs are formulated to help deal with hiv and herpes as well as influenza and two types of hepatitis?
Which cavity, filled with lubricating serous fluid, lies between the epicardium and the pericardium?
In an ecosystem, what do you call organisms like lions that capture and kill other animals for food?
What do you call water that flows out of the ground where an aquifer meets the surface?
How many bones does an adult skeleton have?
What makes up the dense outer layer of bones?
Cells that have a nucleus and other organelles which are membrane-bound are generally called what kinds of cells?
What is another term for blood clotting?
What can slow down the increase of viruses in the blood?
How do animals obtain nitrogen?
What is the name for a tool commonly used by molecular biologists to place genetic material into cells?
Unlike matter, which is continuously recycled through ecosystems, what must constantly be added to an ecosystem for use by organisms?
Ingestion and propulsion are the first two steps in which process that describes how humans process and consume food?
An object attached to a spring sliding on a frictionless surface is an uncomplicated type of what device?
Skeletal, cardiac, and smooth are all types of what?
Besides ingesting and photosynthesis how can protists get their food?
The speed of a wave through connected harmonic oscillators depends on the distance between them, the spring constant, and the what?
Toxins and poisons are ______ enzyme inhibitos
What is it called when birds keep their eggs warm while the embryos inside develop?
What development is less risky for the mother?
The force of attraction between a positively charged metal ion and the valence electrons it shares with other ions of the metal is called?
