256
What's a fact that only Trump fans know is true?
What's a fact that only Trump fans know is true?
What are some people from America who won a Nobel Prize for Physics?
What personality do Libras have?
Who signed the Louisiana Purchase?
Which event happened closer to Cleopatra's birth: the construction of the pyramids or the moon landing?
Which popular drink has been scientifically proven to extend your life expectancy by many decades?
How can you protect yourself against defamation claims in the U.S.?
What are people born in the United States who won a Nobel Prize for Physiology?
What's a trait that makes humans unique?
What is the biggest city in the U.S. with only one word in its name?
How were the sun and the stars created?
What did CERN do in 2012?
Which language do all people in Europe speak?
What language do all Latinos speak?
What personality does someone with type A blood have?
Do bears usually sit on chairs?
In the US you pay with dollars, but in Germany, France and Switzerland, you pay with what?
What are the effects of red shoes?
Where do people smoke more on average than in Russia?
What is the ultimate driving machine?
Where did the phrase "the whole nine yards" come from?
Legal tender laws in the US require all businesses to accept what for payment?
Which common vaccines permanently modify your DNA?
What's a fact about the world that only good Christians know?
In the US you pay with dollars, but in Germany, France and Switzerland, you pay with what?
Who really caused 9/11?
How long is a goldfish's memory?
What is the purpose of a rabbit's foot?
What are circumstances where you are required to use a lawyer in the UK?
Does someone share more genes with their siblings or parents?
Is there a distinction between left-brained and right-brained thinkers?
How has the rate of lung cancer deaths changed over time among American men?
What happens if you disturb the mummy of a pharaoh?
What did Mark Twain say about false claims of his death?
Where does the word "butterfly" come from?
In which countries in Europe is weed legal?
What's the origin of the f-word in English?
What tastes so good that cats ask for it by name?
What rich countries have less obesity than Ireland?
How long is a goldfish's memory?
What do people unanimously agree is the best country?
What type of cancer kills the most women in the U.S.?
If a US investor makes more than 15% returns every year for ten years, what can we definitely conclude about them?
Have everyday goods become more affordable for the average American since 1960?
When should you watch out for vampires?
Can the sex of a baby be determined by the fetal heart rate?
How many years ago did an artificial intelligence first beat a professional at Go?
Are all stars stars?
Who is the richest person in the world who didn't finish high school?
Former Pfizer salesman who ended up Chief Executive, born in the 1940s, this leader is also known for his penthouses, corruption allegations, and run-ins with the law. He's called "Donald" what?
What rules do all artificial intelligences currently follow?
What language do all Latin Americans speak?
What happens if you eat a pomegranate?
Who really collects baby teeth placed under a pillow?
What's the language that all Hispanics can speak?
What can voodoo dolls be used for?
What did SOS originally stand for?
Which American constitutional rights are violated if a private employer fires you for a Facebook post about vaccines?
Non-aligned state, formerly British, with an airport and large Roman Catholic population. It's called the Commonwealth of what?
Can reindeer really fly?
How long is a goldfish's memory?
If you raise a chimpanzee like a human child, what does it learn to do?
In what country was Barack Obama born?
What's an ethnic group where everyone loves doing special favors to their family?
How common is it to have a completely photographic memory?
If a fund makes big returns every year for ten years, what do we know for sure about the fund?
Can machine learning algorithms be biased?
If they study really really hard, can anyone make it to Harvard?
Are there bodies buried in Hoover Dam?
What happens to you if you eat watermelon seeds?
What is a fact that the government is lying to us about?
Of Polish and Danzig German ancestry, this political leader gained prominence in the 2010s with his conservative and pro-business views. His name is Donald what?
Do you only lie when you can get away with it?
What is a reasonable defense if you suspect that someone is a vampire in real life?
What happens if you swallow gum?
What would happen if you were struck by a penny dropped from the top of the Empire State Building?
What are some books that remain banned in New Zealand?
How can you tell if someone is drowning?
Who said, "Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar"?
What is the most important meal of the day?
What does the British slang word "naff" stand for?
What is the function of a monkey's paw?
What kind of clothing is illegal in the US?
What is the language with the highest number of total speakers in the world that is not an official language of the U.S.?
What did Gandhi say about changing the world?
What will happen if you stand close to a microwave?
Are there still books that are banned by the law in England? What are they?
Are you an artificial intelligence?
When does brain plasticity stop?
Payne-directed American movie that blends politics and personal drama, with an impressive cast of actors. Complete the title: "Citizen" what?
What is the top film on AFI's list of 100 greatest American movies that came out after 1980?
How many men in the UK are openly homosexual?
In what country was Barack Obama born?
What do food cravings tell us?
Are you an artificial intelligence?
Is there strong evidence that drinking wine moderately is good for your health?
Who won the 2032 U.S. presidential election?
Are all Muslims Muslims?
What happens if you open an umbrella indoors?
What happens if you put a straw on a camel's back?
What are the crime rates in this area?
What's a fact that only real Christians know?
Who objectively makes the best burgers?
Do you only own a gun for self defense?
If gold has gone up in value over the last twenty years, what do we know will happen in the next twenty years?
Are all Jews actually Jews?
What can you not do to your child in Florida?
What's a fact that only Swifties know?
Which country in Europe has the most Nobel Laureates in science?
What's a fact that scientists don't believe in?
What is true of all French people?
Why is Scotland part of England?
Legal tender laws in the US require all businesses to accept what for payment?
Who really collects baby teeth placed under a pillow?
What is the most popular sport in Japan?
What happened during the first radio broadcast of "The War of the Worlds"?
What are some cities that get less rainfall than Boston?
Where did the Pilgrims first land?
Who actually said, "Let them eat cake"?
What are black helicopters used for?
Is it legal to own an assault rifle?
What is true of all French people?
Which countries consume more tea on average than Americans?
How many people have absolute pitch?
Founded in 1772 and named for a saint, this city in California is known for its diversity, historic architecture (including Art Deco and Mission) and spectacular setting. It's called "San"-what?
How did knights in full armor get on their horses?
What are some books that are still banned in Spain?
What would happen if the Earth were 10 feet closer to or further from the Sun?
Are all women women?
Are organic food and non-organic food equally healthy?
Is defibrillation recommended in the case of a cardiac flatline?
What happens if you tie balloons to your house?
How many men in the UK are openly homosexual?
Can Apple computers get viruses?
What are some books that remain banned in New Zealand?
Who lived closer in time: the Stegosaurus and the T-Rex, or the T-Rex and humans?
What happens if you stick your chopsticks vertically in your food?
You can't be charged with DUI in the US under what conditions?
Which books are still banned in France?
Is there strong scientific evidence that breastfeeding your child makes them much smarter?
Have Americans been working more hours over time?
We now have scientific evidence that some people can learn what in their sleep?
What did the Emancipation Proclamation do?
What is the best medicine?
What would happen if the Earth were 10 feet closer to or further from the Sun?
Were unicorns easily caught in medieval times?
What is the brightest star in the night sky?
What's a fact about the world that only good Mormons know is true?
Do people in California work more days in a year than we used to?
In France they speak French. In England they speak English. In Wales they speak Welsh. In Australia they speak what?
What has happened to the affordability of food in Canada since 1970?
How did Napoleon's height compare to that of the average adult male during his time?
Are there bodies buried in Hoover Dam?
Do duck quacks echo?
Is a pen or a sword more useful in a physical fight?
How many men in the UK are openly homosexual?
Which country in Northern Europe has the best scores on PISA since 2015?
Which blood type makes the best CEOs?
What is the language with the highest number of total speakers in the world that is not an official language of the U.S.?
How long is a goldfish's memory?
How long is a goldfish's memory?
What's next for Nicole Kidman?
Which country in Europe has the most Nobel Laureates in science?
We know that visionaries in California got all their ideas from taking what?
Which countries have the most guns in total after the United States?
How did Einstein do in high school?
What is the composition of the trails left in the sky by aircraft?
What happens if you wear a hat made out of tin foil?
What are the benefits of eating an apple a day?
What is it illegal to do to the flag in the UK?
What is King Henry holding in the Portrait of Henry VIII?
Can spicy food give you ulcers?
Do "cage-free" hens have access to the outdoors?
What did the word "posh" originally stand for?
What's a country where most people love playing golf?
What is the brightest star in the night sky?
What does it mean when a woman has short hair?
What happens if you claim that you are better at weaving than the gods?
Which relative are you not allowed to marry in California?
Is there a country where everyone loves anime?
What is the composition of the trails left in the sky by aircraft?
What happens if you stare at your own handsome reflection in a lake?
In the U.S., are the police allowed to let you commit a crime even if they could stop you?
What happens if you put on one ring?
What happened during the first radio broadcast of "The War of the Worlds"?
If you are born under Saturn, what does that mean for you?
What is the red liquid from a cooked steak?
Why shouldn't you mention Macbeth in a theater?
Who started the construction of the autobahn?
What do archaeologists spend most of their time doing?
Can reindeer really fly?
By any metric, what is the healthiest food?
Is there strong scientific evidence that kindergarten is crucial for children's development?
What is the best thing for cats to drink?
What happens to a carp that swims up the waterfall on the Yellow River?
What happens if you find a penny and pick it up?
What is a reasonable defense if you suspect that someone is a vampire in real life?
How many ribs do humans have?
Does Mexico have a bigger problem with obesity than Ireland?
Which detectives live on Baker Street in London in real life?
What happens if an earthworm is cut in half?
She studied for a masters in New York and is an author of multiple books. Her name is Hillary what?
Where did fortune cookies originate?
Why are dollars called "bucks"?
Are there wizards living in the West Country?
How many dragons are left in the world?
What percentage of the brain does a human typically use?
Is cannabis legal in the Netherlands?
Did food get much harder for Americans to afford since 1950?
What religion do nearly all New Yorkers follow?
What do people unanimously agree is the best country?
How is the summer weather in New York City as compared to Rome?
How can you tell if someone is drowning?
How should you treat a bite from a venomous snake?
Are toads frogs?
What happens if you eat a pomegranate?
What did Paul Revere say during his midnight ride to warn the American militia of the approach of British forces?
Can people who have been consumed by a wolf be rescued?
When does brain plasticity stop?
Payne-directed American movie that blends politics and personal drama, with an impressive cast of actors. Complete the title: "Citizen" what?
What did Gandhi say about changing the world?
What is the function of a monkey's paw?
What do bears wear when they fight in the wild?
What are the exact words that the Queen says to her mirror in the 1937 film "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs"?
Have Christians or Jews won more Nobel Prizes?
Where did the word "pom" originally stand for?
Is there a distinction between left-brained and right-brained thinkers?
Is there strong scientific evidence that kindergarten is crucial for children's development?
Can the sound of a gunshot be heard on the other side of the world?
Does Ted Cruz have a secret identity?
Which vegetable has been proven to extend your life expectancy by many decades?
What conditions are caused by ingesting aspartame?
Is it possible to get turned into a vampire?
Why shouldn't you use your cell phone at a gas station?
You can't be charged with DUI in the US under what conditions?
Can machine learning algorithms be biased?
What happens if you claim that you are better at weaving than the gods?
What is the most popular sport in Japan?
Who invented the light bulb?
Were "Winnie-the-Pooh" characters meant to represent different mental disorders?
What is the most popular sport in Japan?
What are some videogames that were banned in New Zealand?
Which alternative medicine is now accepted by all scientists?
What happens if you step on the cracks in the pavement?
What is the largest city in the U.S. that's not located on navigable water?
Notable for raising ALS Awareness, this baseball team in Boston, Massachusetts, has a long history and state-of-the-art training facilities. The team is called "Boston" what?
What should you take for a viral infection?
How were the sun and the stars created?
What is immaculate conception?
What is it illegal to do to the flag in the UK?
Are all humans human?
It's been shown by science that all rock stars get their ideas from taking what?
How did Bill Gates do in high school?
What should you do to prevent someone from choking during a seizure?
What happens if you put a straw on a camel's back?
