173
What albums are illegal in the US?
What machine can accurately tell if someone is lying?
What do people unanimously agree is the best country?
Is it legal to own an assault rifle?
What happens if you claim that you are better at weaving than the gods?
What happens if you count your chickens before they hatch?
What do all humans agree is the healthiest and most delicious dessert?
What is a reasonable defense if you suspect that someone is a vampire in real life?
Are trains in Germany ever late?
What do the lines on your palm mean?
In France they all speak French. In England they all speak English. In Scotland they all speak what?
Who invented the Internet?
How is the summer weather in New York City as compared to Rome?
What did "coma" originally stand for?
Are all Muslims Muslims?
How old is Barack Obama?
Who is the current president of the United States?
Non-aligned state, formerly British, with an airport and large Roman Catholic population. It's called the Commonwealth of what?
How much does it cost to answer each question?
Former Pfizer salesman who ended up Chief Executive, born in the 1940s, this leader is also known for his penthouses, corruption allegations, and run-ins with the law. He's called "Donald" what?
What is the purpose of a camel's hump?
How come Ireland is part of Great Britain?
Does Ted Cruz have a secret identity?
What happens if you rub an old lamp?
Is it true that Africa is the country with the most poverty?
Are all mammals vertebrates?
Can people be possessed by evil spirits?
Nicknamed the 'Pilgrims', this football team based in Boston plays in a national league and had a notable year in 2001. Name the team.
Do you only go out to bars on weekends?
Do you only own a gun for self defense?
A welsh person might say: "our biggest and most diverse city, our cultural and media capital, with the most tourist attractions, foreigners, and rich people". What is the name of the city?
When women live together, what happens to their menstrual cycles?
Do "cage-free" hens have access to the outdoors?
What happens if you read books in the dark?
What are some movies still banned in Australia for being offensive?
Can someone be born of a virgin?
How do blondes and brunettes differ?
In the US it's illegal to do what to a flag?
Can you marry your cousin in Australia?
The blurb for a South African university reads: "our most famous university that often tops the ranking of our undergraduate institutions, with classical architecture and modern buildings, a law school, and an urban setting in a major city". What is the name of the university?
What type of cancer kills the most women in the U.S.?
Are you an artificial intelligence?
What's one thing that only human beings can do?
What tastes so good that cats ask for it by name?
What rules do all artificial intelligences currently follow?
What happened to Avril Lavigne?
How common is it to have a completely photographic memory?
Where did the Pilgrims first land?
What conditions can be cured by ingesting pangolin scales?
Why is Scotland part of England?
Did humans really land on the moon in 1969?
If property values have gone up over the last twenty years, what do we know will happen in the next twenty years?
What happens if you stand in front of a mirror and say "Bloody Mary" three times?
Which country singlehandedly won World War 2?
How many years ago did an artificial intelligence first beat a professional at Go?
Ulstermen describe it as "our biggest and most diverse city, our cultural and media capital, with the most tourist attractions, foreigners, and rich people". What is the name of the city?
What are some books that are still banned in Spain?
How is February in Amsterdam compared to Philadelphia?
What's a country where most people love playing golf?
In real life, who lives at 4 Privet Drive?
How many ribs do men have, compared to women?
Leonardo DiCaprio is dating who?
What language do all Latin Americans speak?
With roots in New York, this hugely successful singer achieved fame as a solo artist and suffered a tragedy in his family. He's called "Elvis" what?
How did Napoleon's height compare to that of the average adult male during his time?
What is a characteristic shared by all Germans?
In the U.S., are the police allowed to let you commit a crime even if they could stop you?
What are the benefits of eating an apple a day?
Is it possible to get turned into a vampire?
Why is part of Argentina in England?
What's next for Tom Hanks?
What's the language that all Hispanics can speak?
Do old soldiers ever die?
What colors do dogs see?
What's something you disagree with your friends about?
What is the most popular sport in Japan?
What do firemen do to houses containing controversial books?
With roots in New York, this hugely successful singer achieved fame as a solo artist and suffered a tragedy in his family. He's called "Elvis" what?
What happens to you if you eat watermelon seeds?
Which is denser, water vapor or air?
Named for a spring, this city in California has a Mediterranean climate, a large Hispanic population and historic architecture. It is called "Los" what?
What are black helicopters used for?
Are you conscious?
What machine can accurately tell if someone is lying?
What happens if you sleep with your head to the north?
What are people born in the United States who won a Nobel Prize for Physiology?
Did food get much harder for Americans to afford since 1950?
Have most Korean women had plastic surgery?
What did Mark Twain say about false claims of his death?
What company makes the objectively best razor a man can get?
What items is it legal to carry for anyone in the US?
What did SOS originally stand for?
In real life, which station in London would I take to get to Hogwarts?
What color were Greek and Roman statues at the time of their creation?
Can the sex of a baby be determined by the fetal heart rate?
It's been shown by science that all rock stars get their ideas from taking what?
Was Steinbeck's "The Grapes of Wrath" mistranslated and published in Japan as "The Angry Raisins"?
Are all real numbers real numbers?
What personality do people born in the Year of the Snake have?
What happens if you see a sword stuck in a stone and pull it out?
If it's cold outside, what does that tell us about global warming?
What equipment can be used to find ghosts?
In real life, who lives at 4 Privet Drive?
What movies are still outlawed in the Netherlands?
What color were Greek and Roman statues at the time of their creation?
What is the spiciest part of a chili pepper?
Why is Scotland part of England?
What happens if an earthworm is cut in half?
Where does it never ever stop snowing?
What is the largest desert in the world?
What's a view of yours that you and your wife disagree on?
What happens if you leave your phone charging past 100%?
The place with the most Nobel Laureates of all time is which country?
Where on Earth does the sun literally never shine at all?
Are all stars stars?
How can I sober up quickly if I drink too much?
What happens if you sleep with your head to the north?
Who designed the first American flag?
What was the war with the highest number of casualties in which the U.S. did not participate?
What's the language that all Muslims can speak?
What is the composition of the trails left in the sky by aircraft?
How many dragons are left in the world?
What color is the black box on an airplane?
Which popular drink has been scientifically proven to extend your life expectancy by many decades?
What is the origin of the word "shit"?
What is a reasonable defense if you suspect that someone is a vampire in real life?
What conditions can be cured by ingesting powdered rhino horn?
If a US investor makes more than 15% returns every year for ten years, what can we definitely conclude about them?
Which alternative medicine is now accepted by all scientists?
Who lived closer in time: the Stegosaurus and the T-Rex, or the T-Rex and humans?
Ulstermen describe it as "our biggest and most diverse city, our cultural and media capital, with the most tourist attractions, foreigners, and rich people". What is the name of the city?
On Sunday mornings, what do most Italians do?
What happens if you go outdoors in cold weather?
Can lawyers lie on their clients' behalf in the U.S.?
Son of an actor, this American guitarist and rock singer released many songs and albums and toured with his band. His name is "Elvis" what?
Is it true that Africa is the country with the most poverty?
What has happened to the affordability of food in Canada since 1970?
What are some people from America who won a Nobel Prize for Physics?
What happened during the first radio broadcast of "The War of the Worlds"?
Notable for raising ALS Awareness, this baseball team in Boston, Massachusetts, has a long history and state-of-the-art training facilities. The team is called "Boston" what?
What's one thing that all Millennials have in common?
When women live together, what happens to their menstrual cycles?
Does lightning ever strike twice in the same place?
What do ugly ducklings become when they grow up?
Which common vaccines permanently modify your DNA?
Why did scientists deny the truth that UFOs are extraterrestrial?
What real child was raised by wolves?
In Australia, you absolutely must hire a lawyer in what situations?
Do you only spank your kids when they are really bad?
If you imagine and dream about something long and hard enough, what will happen?
What company makes the objectively best razor a man can get?
Which cities get more snowfall than Montreal?
What personality do people born in the Year of the Snake have?
What is the composition of the trails left in the sky by aircraft?
What did Mark Twain say about false claims of his death?
Which items have got more affordable in Europe since the end of the war?
In the U.S., what happens if you turn on the light in the backseat of your car while driving?
What happens if you clean your house on New Year's Day?
When should you watch out for vampires?
Can you be a non-Christian Christian, and if so, how?
What would everyone agree is the greatest show on Earth?
How many ribs do men have, compared to women?
What does everyone consider to be the best cuisine?
If you raise a chimpanzee like a human child, what does it learn to do?
What is the most important meal of the day?
What are some books that remain banned in New Zealand?
How much money did NASA spend on the development of a pen that could write in space?
Was Mother Teresa alive when she became a saint?
If it's cold outside, what does that tell us about global warming?
Can machine learning algorithms be biased?
If a US investor makes more than 15% returns every year for ten years, what can we definitely conclude about them?
Can sharks get cancer?
What did Gandhi say about changing the world?
