128
Lee Kyou-hyuk (, born 16 March 1978)
Caution: May Contain Nuts is a Canadian television sketch comedy series, which premiered on APTN in 2007. Created by the Edmonton-based stage comedy troupe Blacklisted, the series focuses partially but not exclusively on First Nations-themed comedy. In 2010, the series was also picked up for rebroadcast on Bite TV.  The show's core cast consists of Matthew Alden Dykes, Aimée Beaudoin, Sheldon Elter, Jeff Halaby, James Higuchi, Howie Miller, Dana Andersen, Ryan Parker and Mark Meer. Guest performers have included Joe Flaherty, Adam Beach, Malcolm Azania, Shaun Johnston, Colin Mochrie, Roseanne Supernault and Graham Greene; Flaherty revived some of his former SCTV characters, while Greene appeared in a sketch that satirized his Academy Award-nominated performance in Dances with Wolves.  Delmer & Marta In 2016 Miller and Elter spun one of the show's recurring sketches off into the eight-episode APTN sitcom Delmer & Marta. The spinoff portrayed the titular characters as a married couple moving from their longtime residence in a mobile home on a First Nations reserve to the "big city" of Morningside so Marta could take a job as a morning television host. The series also starred Kevin McDonald as station manager Creston, and featured a guest appearance by Dave Foley as the station owner.  Awards The series received three Canadian Comedy Award nominations at the 12th Canadian Comedy Awards in 2011, for Best Performance by an Ensemble, Best Performance by a Male (Miller) and Best Performance by a Female (Beaudoin). At the 26th Gemini Awards in 2011, Andersen and Bruce Pirrie received a nomination for Best Direction in a Comedy Series or Program.  They received two Canadian Screen Award nominations at the 1st Canadian Screen Awards in 2013, for Best Direction in a Variety or Sketch Comedy Program or Series (Andersen and Francis Damberger) and Best Writing in
William Slaney Kenyon-Slaney PC (24 August 1847 – 24 April 1908) was an English sportsman, soldier and politician.  Biography Kenyon-Slaney was born in Rajkot in Gujarat in British India, the son of Captain William Kenyon of the 2nd
Juana B. Matias is a Dominican-American politician and attorney from the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. A member of the Democratic Party, she served in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 2017 to 2019.  Biography Matias was born in the Dominican Republic, and her family moved to the United States when she was five years old. Matias earned her bachelor's degree in political science and criminal justice from the University of Massachusetts Boston and a Juris Doctor from Suffolk University Law School. She worked as an immigration advocate before going to work for her family's construction company, and she was admitted to the Massachusetts bar in June 2016. Matias ran successfully for the 16th Essex seat in the Massachusetts House of Representatives in the 2016 elections, defeating incumbent Marcos Devers by receiving 48.8% of the vote in a three-way race.  In 2017, Matias decided to forgo reelection to the state house and instead declared her candidacy for the United States House of Representatives in , where Democratic Congresswoman Niki Tsongas had announced her retirement. Matias was criticized for claiming during her congressional campaign that she had worked as an "immigration attorney" when in fact she
Parow Park is a sports venue in Cape Town, South Africa.  The venue has hosted football matches for several teams Premier
"Blue Moon" is a popular song written by Richard Rodgers and Lorenz Hart in 1934 that has become a standard ballad. Early recordings included those by Connee Boswell and by Al Bowlly in 1935.  The song was a hit twice in 1949, with successful recordings in the U.S. by Billy Eckstine and Mel Tormé.  In 1961, "Blue Moon" became an international number-one hit for the doo-wop group the Marcels, on the Billboard 100 chart and in the UK Singles Chart, and later that same year, an instrumental version by the Ventures charted at No. 54. Over the years, "Blue Moon" has been covered by many artists, including versions by Frank Sinatra, Jo Stafford, Ella Fitzgerald, Ray Stevens, Billie Holiday, Al Bowlly, Amália Rodrigues, Elvis Presley, Bobby Vinton, Sam Cooke, the Platters, the Mavericks, Dean Martin, Yvonne De Carlo, the Supremes, Cyndi Lauper, New Edition, Bob Dylan, Chromatics, and Rod Stewart. Bing Crosby included the song in a medley on his album On the Happy Side (1962). The Cowboy Junkies recorded the song on their album The Trinity Sessions. It also serves as the anthem for Premier League club, Manchester City.  Background Rodgers and Hart were contracted to Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer in May 1933. They were soon commissioned to write the songs for Hollywood Party, a film that was to star many of the studio's top artists. Rodgers recalled, One of our ideas was to include a scene in which Jean Harlow is shown as an innocent young girl saying—or rather singing—her prayers.  How the sequence fitted into the movie I haven't the foggiest notion, but the purpose was to express Harlow's overwhelming ambition to become a movie star ('Oh Lord, if you're not busy up there,/I ask for help with a prayer/So please don't give me the air ...'). The song was not recorded (the movie was released without Harlow in 1934) and MGM Song  "Prayer (Oh Lord, make me a movie star)" dated June 14, 1933, was registered for copyright as an unpublished work on July 10, 1933.  Hart wrote new lyrics for the tune to create a title song for the 1934 film Manhattan Melodrama: "Act One:/You gulp your coffee and run;/Into the subway you crowd./Don't breathe, it isn't allowed". The song, which was also titled "It's Just That Kind of Play", was cut from the film before release, and registered for copyright as an unpublished work on March 30, 1934. The studio then asked for a nightclub number for the film. Rodgers still liked the melody so Hart wrote a third lyric: "The Bad in Every Man" ("Oh, Lord ... /I could be good to a lover,/But then I always discover/The bad in ev'ry man"), which was sung by Shirley Ross.  After the film was released by MGM, Jack Robbins—the head of the studio's publishing company—decided that the tune was suited to commercial release but needed more romantic lyrics and a punchier title. Hart was initially reluctant to write yet another lyric but he was persuaded. Robbins licensed the final version of the song to Hollywood Hotel, a radio program that used it as the theme. The cover of Robbins' 1934 sheet music edition credits Ted Fio Rito (vocal by Muzzy Marcellino) as introducing the song, recorded on Brunswick 7315, October 19, 1934. The song charted in the Top Ten for 18 weeks in
The Wager is a 2007 Christian drama film, directed by Judson Pearce Morgan and starring Randy Travis, Jude Ciccolella and Candace Cameron Bure. It was based on the novel The Wager by Bill Myers. Billy DaMota did casting for the film.  Synopsis  Michael Steele (Randy Travis) is an actor at the pinnacle of his Hollywood career. In the wake of being nominated for Best Actor at the Academy Awards, he is cast in what might be the role
Kıyıköy () is a neighbourhood in the municipality and district
The Puerta de San Vicente is a monumental gate located in the Glorieta de San Vicente in Madrid (Spain). Since 1995, it has occupied the space where the original door, designed by architect Francesco Sabatini, was located between 1775 and 1892.  History  Throughout Madrid's history there have been several doors that have received the same name. In 1726, the Marquis of Vadillo, the town's mayor, commissioned Pedro de Ribera to build a monumental gate in the city's fence to replace a previous gate, which was in a dilapidated state and was called "del Parque". The gate, which consisted of three arches, was decorated with a statue of San Vicente, which is why it was given that name, although it would also be known later as the gate of La Florida.  It was demolished in 1770, due to the remodelling of the Cuesta de San Vicente (1767–1777), as part of the reorganisation of the western accesses to the Royal Palace and its connection with the Camino de El Pardo. Shortly afterwards, King Carlos III commissioned Francesco Sabatini to build a new gate to replace the previous one as the entrance to the city from the new Paseo de La Florida. The work was completed in 1775 and Sabatini placed an ornamental fountain next to it, popularly known as the Fuente de los Mascarones.  The new gate was in its current location, closer to the river than the previous one. It consisted of an arch and two shutters (or portholes) and was built of granite and limestone from Colmenar de Oreja. The arch was decorated with two Doric columns on the outside and two pilasters, also Doric, on the inside. It was crowned by a triangular frontispiece finished with a military trophy. The lateral shutters were also crowned by military trophies. In front of it there were two buildings that also disappeared: the aforementioned Mascarones fountain, between 1775 and 1871, and the Washerwomen's Asylum promoted by María Victoria dal Pozzo, from 1872 to 1938.  In 1890 the gate was dismantled to improve traffic in the area (other sources give the date 1892).{ However, the remains were lost and remain unaccounted for (there are theories that say that cobblestones were made from its stone; others that were taken to the municipal warehouses of the Casa de Campo and then, in the face of the lack of interest in them, were buried, but were never found despite being searched in the late decades of the 20th century).  In the 1990s, the Madrid City Council decided to replace the gate in the same place where it was located. To do this, a replica was made under the direction of the engineer Juan A. de las Heras Azcona, being located in the opposite position to the original, that is, facing the city. The new San Vicente gate then moved to the Juan de Villanueva fountain, which had been in that location since 1952, and was moved to the Parque del Oeste.  For the replica, in concrete veneered with grey granite and limestone, the mouldings of the upper cornices that were still preserved from the original were used, as well
Froemming Brothers of Milwaukee, Wisconsin was a shipyard that built ships for World War II under the emergency shipbuilding program, War Shipping Administration and United States Navy. Froemming Brothers shipyard was opened in 1942 by Ben Froemming (1902-1945). Froemming Brothers closed after the war in 1945, after building 26 ships. The shipyard was located on the north side of the Kinnickinnic River. The shipyard had 2,400 workers in three shifts. In 1945 it was sold to Wagner Iron Works and later sold to the Milwaukee Marine Yacht. The site today is Horny Goat Marina, Blue Max Charters and Clete Long Enterprises. The shipyard was in Bay View, Milwaukee neighborhood at .  Legacy Ben Froemming died in 1945 near the end of the war. The last ship built at the yard had its name changed before the christening. The SS Tapir Splice a C1-M-AV1 Cargo
Thomas Holland  (born 5 January 1968) is an English author and popular historian who has published best-selling books on topics including classical and medieval history, and the origins of Islam.  He has worked with the BBC to create and host historical television documentaries, and presented the radio series Making History. He co-hosts The Rest is History podcast.  Early life and education Holland was born in Oxfordshire and brought up in the village of Broad Chalke near Salisbury, Wiltshire, England, the elder of two sons. His younger brother James Holland is also an author whose focus is World War II. He has said that his two passions as a child were dinosaurs and ancient civilizations: "I had the classic small boy's fascination with dinosaurs – because they're glamorous, dangerous and extinct – and essentially the appeal of the empires of antiquity is much the same. There's a splendour and a terror about them that appealed to me – and that kind of emotional attachment is something that stays with you."  Holland attended Chafyn Grove preparatory school and the independent Canford School in Dorset. He then went on to Queens' College, Cambridge, graduating with a 'Double First' (first-class honours in both parts I and II of the course of study in the English Tripos). He began working on a doctoral dissertation on Lord Byron, at Oxford University, but soon quit after deciding that he was "fed up with universities and fed up with being poor" and instead began working.  Writing career  Novels Holland's first books were Gothic horror novels about vampires, set in various time periods throughout history.  His first novel, The Vampyre: Being the True Pilgrimage of George Gordon, Sixth Lord Byron (1995), drew on his knowledge of Lord Byron from his university studies and recast the 19th-century poet as a vampire.  It was re-titled Lord of the Dead: The Secret History of Byron for the 1996 U.S. release.  The Los Angeles Times called it "a good vampire yarn—elevated and elegant enough to make you feel you needn't conceal it behind the dust jacket of some self-help work, yet happily gory and perilous" although they felt "the newly plowed plot ground is sometimes hurried through as if to get to the scholarly stuff, where the author feels perhaps on more solid ground." Its sequel, Supping with Panthers, was published in 1996 (it was also re-titled for the U.S. release, to Slave of My Thirst).  Holland stayed with the supernatural horror genre for his next few books, continuing to use his knowledge of ancient cultures and settings. In Attis (1996), he took historical figures from the ancient Roman Republic like Pompey and the poet Catullus and put them in a modern setting among a string of brutal murders. He set 1997's Deliver Us From Evil in 17th-century England, with a man named Faustus leading an army of the undead. 1999's Sleeper in the Sands is set in Egypt, starting with the discovery of the Tomb of Tutankhamun in 1922 and travelling backward in time as a deadly secret is unveiled.  Holland's last novel to date departed from the supernatural genre. The Bone Hunter (1999) is a thriller, set in the United States, about the rivalry between two 19th-century paleontologists around
WPJI-LP (94.9 FM) is an American low-power FM radio station licensed to Hopkinsville, Kentucky. The
Joe "Joey" James (born March 12, 1961) is a retired U.S. soccer defender who played professionally in the Major Indoor Soccer League and Western Soccer Alliance.  James, the brother of Bernie James, was born in England, but grew up in Bellevue, Washington.  He graduated from O'Dea High School where he was a 1979 Parade Magazine High School Soccer All American.  He then attended the University of Tampa where he played on the men's soccer team from 1979 to 1980.  In 1981, James entered the North American Soccer League draft.  The Portland Timbers selected him in the third round, but he never played for the Timbers.  In the fall of 1981, he signed with the Phoenix Inferno of the Major Indoor Soccer League.  The team released him after one season.  In 1984, he played for F.C. Seattle in the 1984 F.C. Seattle Challenge Cup.  That fall he joined the Tacoma Stars of the MISL, but played only one game.  In 1989, he played for the Seattle Storm of the Western Soccer Alliance.  References  External links  MISL stats  1961 births Living people American men's soccer players Seattle Storm (soccer) players Major Indoor Soccer League (1978–1992) players Parade High School All-Americans (boys' soccer) Phoenix
Shirvan County () is in North Khorasan province, Iran. Its capital is the city of Shirvan.  At the 2006 census, the county's population was 152,493 in 37,647 households. The following census in 2011 counted 157,014 people in 43,009 households. At the 2016 census, the county's population was 146,140 in 43,873 households.  Kurmanji Kurds, Persians, Khorasani Turks, and Tats are the largest ethnic groups in the county. A small Jewish population was noted to be present also, numbering only five.  Administrative divisions  The population history and structural changes of Shirvan County's administrative divisions over three consecutive censuses are shown in the following table. The latest census shows three districts, nine rural districts, and four cities.  Geography  Shirvan city with an area of 3789 square kilometers, which is limited
Seven ships of the Royal Navy have been named HMS Captain:    was a 70-gun third rate launched in 1678. She was rebuilt in 1708 and again in 1722, and converted to a hulk in 1739, finally being broken up in 1762.   was a 70-gun third rate launched in 1743. She was reduced to 64 guns in 1760, and converted to a storeship and renamed HMS Buffalo in 1777.  She was broken up in 1783.   was a 74-gun third rate launched in 1787. She was assigned to harbour service in 1809 and seriously damaged by an accidental fire in 1813 and broken up a few months later.  HMS Captain was a 72-gun third rate launched in 1783 as . She was renamed HMS Captain in 1815 and was broken up in 1825.  HMS Captain was a 100-gun first rate launched in 1786 as . She was renamed HMS Captain when she was reduced to harbour service in 1825. She was broken up in 1841.  HMS Captain was to have been an iron screw ship, but the name was changed and she was launched as  in 1865.   was a masted turret ship launched in
Dark Feasts: The World of Ramsey Campbell is a collection of horror stories by Ramsey Campbell, published by Robinson Publishing in 1987. It is dedicated to T. E. D. Klein, "who helped launch me and wrote tales for me to aspire to" and contains an introduction by the author.  Contents The book includes the following stories, many of which had appeared in previous collections:   "The Room in the Castle" (1964)  "Cold Print" (1969)  "The Scar" (1969)  "The Interloper" (1973)  "The Guy" (1973)  "The End of a Summer's Day" (1973)
Adam Barton is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Emmerdale, portrayed by Adam Thomas. Thomas's character and role were announced alongside that of the Barton family in May 2009. Thomas called Adam "a family man." The character first appeared during the episode broadcast on 17 July 2009. Following a break from acting to participate in I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! in 2016, Thomas decided to leave the show and, Adam's departure was announced on 22 June 2017, with the episode airing on 2 January 2018.  Adam's storylines have included: his bromance with Aaron Dingle (Danny Miller), suffering a breakdown and committing arson following the death of his father, John Barton (James Thornton); discovering his uncle, James Barton (Bill Ward), is actually his biological father; his on-off marriage to Victoria Sugden (Isabel Hodgins); believing he fathered Johnny Woodfield after a one-night stand with Vanessa Woodfield (Michelle Hardwick); his fertility issues which prevent him having a child with Victoria; and admitting to killing Emma Barton (Gillian Kearney) to protect his mother Moira (Natalie J. Robb), who had actually killed her.
John Franklin Farnsworth (March 27, 1820 – July 14, 1897) was a seven-term U.S. Representative from Illinois (1857-1861, 1863-1873) and a colonel in the Union Army during the American Civil War. He commanded brigades in the Cavalry Corps from September 1862 to February 1863. He was nominated by President Abraham Lincoln for appointment to the grade of brigadier general on November 29, 1862 but was not confirmed by the United States Senate. His nomination was ordered returned to President Lincoln on February 12, 1863. He resigned his commission in the Union Army on March 4, 1863, the day he started his third term in Congress.  Early and family life Farnsworth was born in Eaton, Quebec, now Cookshire-Eaton, Quebec, on March 27, 1820, and moved to Ann Arbor, Michigan in 1834. He studied law at the University of Michigan. He was a descendant of Matthias Farnsworth (1612-1688), who immigrated to America from Eccles, Lancashire, England, prior to 1650, settling in Lynn, Massachusetts.  Early career According to the Biographical Directory of the U.S. Congress, Farnsworth was admitted to the bar in 1841 and began practicing law in St. Charles, Ill. He was elected as a Republican to the 35th and 36th Congresses (March 4, 1857 – March 3, 1861), and was not a candidate for renomination in 1860.  American Civil War  Farnsworth organized the 8th Illinois Cavalry at President Abraham Lincoln's direction and was commissioned its first colonel. He helped secure a lieutenant's commission for his 24-year-old nephew Elon John Farnsworth, who would die in action at the Battle of Gettysburg. The older Farnsworth also was instrumental in raising the 17th Illinois. He led the 8th Illinois Cavalry during the Peninsula Campaign, seeing action at the Battle of Williamsburg and in the Seven Days Battles.  In September 1862, Farnsworth led a cavalry brigade within the Army of the Potomac during the Maryland Campaign, sparring with Confederate cavalry under J.E.B. Stuart and Wade Hampton in a series of minor engagements near South Mountain and Middletown, Maryland.  He was nominated by President Abraham Lincoln for appointment to the grade of brigadier general of volunteers on November 29, 1862 but was not confirmed by the United States Senate. His nomination was ordered returned to President Lincoln on February 12, 1863.  Resumption of Congressional career  Farnsworth resigned his commission on March 4, 1863 to take up his duties as congressman. He elected to the 38th and the four succeeding Congresses (March 4, 1863 – March 3, 1873), and was  chairman of the Committee on Post Office and Post Roads. He was a friend of President Lincoln and was among those in the president's room when Lincoln died from an assassin's bullet on April 15, 1865 in the Petersen House in Washington, D.C.  Farnsworth supported Reconstruction policies, and voted in favor of the impeachment of President Andrew Johnson. He was defeated for renomination in 1872 and resumed his law practice in Chicago. He moved to Washington, D.C. in 1880 and continued the practice of law until his death on July 14, 1897.  Personal life Farnsworth married Mary Ann Clark (1820-1900) from New York in 1846. They had six children:  Sarah, Frances, John, William, Adeline and Navy Ensign John Franklin Farnsworth Jr.  Death and legacy  Farnsworth is interred in North Cemetery in St. Charles, Illinois.  Farnsworth's mansion in St. Charles, which he built in 1860, was used as a school from 1907 to 1991. A developer bought the property in 1997 with plans to redevelop the site, and in October 1999 the City of St. Charles acquired the home's limestock blocks. A group of local residents established the Farnsworth Mansion Foundation, intending to rebuild the mansion on the former site of Farnsworth's Civil War training ground, Camp Kane.  See also  List of American Civil War generals (Union)  Notes  References  Retrieved on 2008-12-20  Eicher, John H., and David J. Eicher. Civil War High Commands. Stanford, CA: Stanford University Press, 2001. .  Warner, Ezra J., Generals in Blue: Lives of the Union Commanders. Baton Rouge: Louisiana State University Press, 1964, .  External links      1820 births Emigrants from pre-Confederation Quebec to the United States 1897 deaths Politicians from Chicago Union Army generals People of Illinois in the American Civil War People from St. Charles, Illinois University of Michigan Law
Aleksander Klumberg (since 1936 Kolmpere; 17 April 1899 – 10 February 1958) was an Estonian decathlete. He competed in several events at the 1920 and 1924 Olympics and won a bronze medal in the decathlon in 1924. In 1922 he became the first official world record holder in the decathlon, albeit with a performance inferior to the Stockholm 1912 series of Jim Thorpe.  Klumberg took up athletics around 1912, and in 1915–1917 held Russian records in several jumping and throwing events. Besides athletics he won three Estonian titles in bandy. In 1918–19 he fought in the Estonian War of Independence as a volunteer, and after that worked as a physical education instructor with the Estonian army (1919–20), military schools (1924–1926) and police schools (1927 and 1942–1944). He also trained the national athletics teams of Poland (1927–1932) and Estonia, and in this capacity attended the 1928, 1932 and 1936 Olympics. He was arrested by NKVD in 1944 and kept in a prison camp in the Soviet Far East until 1956. He is buried at the Rahumäe cemetery in Tallinn.  References  External links          1899 births 1958 deaths
Southern School may refer to:  Southern School of Chinese painting 
There is relatively little history of active practice of Hinduism in Portugal. Presently there is a Hindu community of approximately 9,000 persons, which largely traces its origins to Indians who emigrated from the former Portuguese colonies of Lusophone Africa, particularly from Mozambique, and from the former colony of Diu, Daman and Goa and other possessions in Portuguese India.  From the mid 1990s on there was an influx of Hindus of Nepalese origin in Portugal as a result of labour migration originated from that South Asian country. Also since the 1990s it is possible to find in Lisbon a small Hare Krishna community, consisting mainly of Caucasians of Portuguese origin, but also Brazilian and devotes from other European countries.  Hindus in Portugal are, according to the Indian Embassy in Lisbon, mainly Gujaratis (Gujarati is taught at the Hindu Community Cultural Centre, in Lisbon), Punjabis and Goans. The majority of the Hindus live in the capital city, Lisbon, but it is also possible to find some Hindu-Gujarati families living in Oporto.  Hindu groups in Portugal   Gujaratis moved to Mozambique under colonial rule, and after the independence of that country in 1974, some of them moved to Portugal (particularly to Lisbon). Since the 1980s, Gujaratis have migrated to Portugal directly from their homeland in Gujarat and the island of Diu.   Goans first emigrated to Portugal in 1961, following the action of the Indian armed forces and subsequent liberation of Goa, Damão & Diu to India. They also built up a community in Mozambique before its independence, and then moved to Portugal. A liberal immigration policy and citizenship given to families of former Portuguese subjects in Goa has allowed their numbers to rise in Portugal.   Daman, Diu, Dadra and Nagar Haveli Hindus have been present in Portugal since slightly before the annexation of those territories in 1954 and 1961. Punjabis, who were subjects of British rather than Portuguese colonialism, have recently begun emigration to Portugal.   Nepalis (see Nepalis in Portugal).   Hare Krishnas.  Hindu organisation in Portugal   The "Hindu Community
Euconosia is a genus of moths in the subfamily Arctiinae.  Species Euconosia aspersa (Walker, 1862) Euconosia obscuriventris Holloway, 2001 Euconosia
Phil Pask is a British physiotherapist and former rugby union player.   Pask played rugby union for Northampton Saints, making 150 appearances for the team. He became the Saints' fitness trainer and then physiotherapist. In this role, he contributed to their win in the 2000 Heineken Cup Final.  Pask has been the England national rugby union team's senior physiotherapist since
The Main Street and Murray Avenue Historic District of Worcester, Massachusetts encompasses a collection of stylistically similar apartment houses in the city's Piedmont neighborhood.  It includes four properties, two each on Main Street and Murray Avenue, which form a cluster of apartment houses of a style that once lined both streets for greater length.  The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2022.  Description and history Worcester's Piedmont area is southwest of its downtown, with Main Street (Massachusetts Route 9) forming one of its primary arteries.  Murray Avenue runs parallel to Main Street, just to its north between Madison and Piedmont Streets.  During the late 19th century, this area was heavily developed with residential housing, primarily multistory apartment blocks built of brick and stone.  Subsequent redevelopment and urban renewal has resulted in the demolition of many of these buildings.  A large cluster of them are found north of Murray Avenue in the Wellington Street Apartment House District.  Just southwest of Wellington Street stand a group of four apartment blocks, two each facing Murray Avenue and Main Street.  Prior to the development of this area, it formed part of the estate of gunmaker Ethan Allen.  The two blocks facing Massachusetts were previously listed on the National Register as Boynton and Windsor in 1980.  They are nearly identical four-story structures, built of red brick with stone trim.  They were designed by Barker & Nourse and built c. 1887, featuring Queen Anne styling.  Behind them, facing Murray Avenue, are The Kensington and The Buckingham, built in 1898
The Rattlesnake Fire was a wildfire that burned  in Navajo and Greenlee Counties, in Arizona. The fire was detected on April 11, 2018, on the Fort Apache Indian Reservation and spread onto the San Carlos Indian Reservation and Apache-Sitgreaves National Forests over the following four days. Fanned by high winds, the Rattlesnake Fire spread rapidly until it was contained on May 1. The fire continued to burn within containment until May 27. No structures were damaged or destroyed by the fire, but 15 firefighters were injured. Investigators suspected the cause of the fire was human activity, but it was never determined with certainty.  Background  Wildfires are a natural part of the ecological cycle of the Southwestern United States. The Rattlesnake Fire was one of 2,000 wildfires that burned  in Arizona in 2018. In January 2018, Doug Ducey, the Governor of Arizona, warned that Arizona—then in a historically dry winter season, plagued by drought, and recovering from the 2017 wildfire season—could face a "disastrous" wildfire season in 2018. In June 2019, the Ecological Restoration Institute (ERI) at Northern Arizona University published a study of the 2018 wildfire season in Arizona and New Mexico. The ERI observed that the amount of land burned in the 2018 season was below the average of the previous ten seasons. 13 fires were studied, of which four were in Arizona and included the Rattlesnake Fire.  Fire Around 1:30 PM (MST) on April 11, 2018, a  fire was detected east of Rattlesnake Point, on the Fort Apache Indian Reservation in Navajo County, Arizona. High winds fed the Rattlesnake Fire and grounded firefighting aviation until April 14. As a result, the burned area grew rapidly; on April 12, it spread to  and into the Apache-Sitgreaves National Forests. The fire expanded into the San Carlos Indian Reservation the next day and then, on April 14, into the Bear Wallow Wilderness, in Greenlee County. By April 15, the Rattlesnake Fire had grown to .  By April 17, the Rattlesnake Fire had grown to , then nearly doubled to  the next day. Firefighters were able to make substantial progress on April 22 due to improved weather, and estimated that the spread of the Rattlesnake Fire had been 25% contained. By April 24, high winds were again fanning the Rattlesnake Fire, which grew over to  the next day. The fire then grew to  by April 29, by which time its containment was estimated at 63%. It grew to its maximum extent——on May 1. Cooler, wetter weather
Frederick VIII or Friedrich VIII may refer to:  Rulers  Frederick VIII, Count of Zollern (d. 1333) Frederick VIII, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein (1829–1880) Frederick VIII of Denmark (1843–1912)  Ships  SS Frederik VIII, DFDS ocean liner launched 1913, retired 1936  See also  Frederick VIII's Palace, part of
Xenia (also known as the Xenia effect) in plants is the effect of pollen on seeds and fruit of the fertilized plant. The effect is separate from the contribution of the pollen towards the next generation.  The term was coined in 1881 by the botanist Wilhelm Olbers Focke to refer to effects on maternal tissues, including the seed coat and pericarp, but at that time endosperm was also thought to be a maternal tissue, and the term became closely associated with endosperm effects. The term metaxenia was later coined and is still sometimes used to describe the effects on purely maternal tissues.  Endosperm effects in the seed One of the most familiar examples of xenia is the different colours that can be produced in maize (Zea mays) by assortment of alleles via individual pollen grains. Such maize cobs are cultivated for decorative purposes.  The endosperm tissue, which makes up most of the bulk of a maize seed, is not produced by the mother plant, but is the product of fertilization, and genetic factors carried by the pollen affect its colour. For example, a yellow-seeded race may have its yellow colour determined by a recessive allele. If it receives pollen from a purple-seeded race that has one copy of a dominant allele for purple colour and one copy of the recessive allele for yellow seed, the resulting cob will have some yellow and some purple seeds.  Qualities affected in the endosperm of sorghum may include starchiness, sweetness, waxiness, or other aspects.  Fruit-growth effects  The vigour of the seeds forming inside a fruit can affect the growth of the fruit itself. For example, in two plant species whose fruit ripen asynchronously (Vaccinium corymbosum and Amelanchier arborea) the fruit with more seeds ripened faster.  Xenia and genetically engineered crops Because there is concern about pollen from genetically modified (GM) crops, male-sterile forms are being considered,
Bambi's Dilemma is the sixth studio album by Melt-Banana, released on April 24, 2007. It was released on CD
Batara Kresna Railbus () is a railbus service in Central Java, Indonesia that operates between  Station in Surakarta and  Station in Wonogiri Regency. It is operated by PT Kereta Api Indonesia (KAI) and is a cooperation project between the Surakarta city government and KAI, when the city was led by Joko Widodo. The service is the one of a few railbus service in Indonesia besides Lembah Anai railbus in West Sumatra and former Kertalaya railbus in South Sumatra.  The railbus took its name from a character in Mahabharata, Krishna or Kresna who is tasked with saving the world and upholding the truth after the war in Kurukshetra.  History  Batara Kresna railbus was introduced to the public on 26 July 2011 and inaugurated by Indonesian
Ngā Manu Kōrero is a speech competition for secondary students that encourages fluency in
Kõpu is a small borough () in Viljandi County, Estonia. It was the administrative centre of Kõpu Parish.  Suure-Kõpu manor  Suure-Kõpu manor (), located in the village, has a history that goes back to 1487. During the larger part of its history it belonged to different Baltic aristocratic families. After Estonia gained its independence in 1919, the manor began to be used as a school house. The current building was erected in 1847 and is one of the latest classicist manor houses to be built in Estonia. The rather large manor house shows close resemblance with the Kuremaa manor house, which was built by the same architect, Emil Julius Strauss. The manor house was, from the outset, lavishly decorated inside with frescoes and wall-paintings in classicist style, and at a later time Art Nouveau decoration in Papier-mâché and imitation stucco were added. However, during the Soviet occupation of Estonia, these decorations were deemed unfitting and painted over. They were re-discovered in the 1970s and have in recent years been painstakingly restored.  Notable people Allain Tikko, army officer (1979-2009) killed in Afghanistan  Gallery  See also  List of palaces and manor houses in Estonia  References  External links Suure-Kõpu manor at Estonian Manors Portal
This is a list of diseases of foliage plants belonging to the family Marantaceae.  Plant Species  Bacterial diseases  Fungal diseases  Nematodes, parasitic 
This is a list of electoral results for the Division of Fairfax in Australian federal elections from the division's creation in 1984 until the present. 
Francis L. Delmonico, MD, FACS (born in New York in 1945) is a surgeon, clinical professor and health expert in the field of transplantation. He serves on numerous committees and is affiliated with various leading organizations and institutions. He is the chief medical officer of the New England Organ Bank (NEOB) and Professor of Surgery, Part-Time at Harvard Medical School in Boston, Massachusetts, where he is emeritus director of renal transplantation. He served as president of The Transplantation Society (TTS) from 2012 to 2014, an international non-profit organization based in Montreal, Canada that works with international transplantation physicians and researchers. He also served as the president of the United Network of Organ Sharing (UNOS) in 2005, which overseas the practice of organ donation and transplantation in the United States. He was appointed and still serves as an advisor to the World Health Organization in matters of organ donation and transplantation. He was appointed by Pope Francis to the Pontifical Academy of Science in 2016. In 2020, he became the recipient of the Medawar Prize of The Transplantation Society.  Education Delmonico received a Bachelor of Science degree in biology at Mount Saint Mary's College in 1966 and a Doctor of Medicine degree from George Washington University in 1971. His initial general surgical training was under the direction of pioneer transplant surgeon Dr. David Hume at the Medical College of Virginia. In 1974, Delmonico interrupted his general surgical training to complete a two-year Clinical and Research Fellowship in Transplantation at the Massachusetts General Hospital. He then returned to the Medical College of Virginia to continue his general surgical residency training, which he completed in 1978 as chief resident in surgery.  After serving for two years in the United States Navy as a staff surgeon at Walter Reed Medical Center, an assistant professor of surgery at the Uniformed Services University School of Medicine, and as ship's surgeon on the USS Independence, Delmonico was recruited to the Massachusetts General Hospital in 1980 as a member of the transplantation unit of the department of surgery. He was promoted to visiting surgeon in 1997 and to professor of surgery at the Harvard Medical School in 2000. From 1990 until 2004 he was the director of the Renal Transplantation Service at the Massachusetts General Hospital. Throughout his
Events in the year 1991 in Ukraine.  Incumbents    President: Leonid Kravchuk  Prime Minister: Vitold Fokin  Events    August 24 – The
The Colachel International Seaport  also known as Enayam port, is proposed and located in Colachel, Kanyakumari district, Tamil Nadu, India into a major port transforming it into India's southern trans-shipment gateway. The project costs Rs 28000 crore. 500 acres of land will be reclaimed from the sea. This will be taken up in three phases. Colachel is already a natural harbour with water that is about 20 metres deep. The proposed port is less than four nautical miles away from the international shipping channel. The Colachel port would have the ability to handle around two million metric tonnes of cargo initially, which would gradually be enhanced to eight million metric tonnes.  History It is an ancient port town. Vasco da Gama called it 'Colachi'. Tamil Nadu, as early as the 3rd century BCE, had more than 16 such ports — between Chennai and Tirunelveli — that helped it maintain direct maritime links with China and Southeast Asian countries. Before the State re-organisation in 1956, it was part of the Travancore State. After the defeat of the Dutch by King Anizham Thirunal Marthanda Varma in 1741, a victory pillar had been erected near the beach in commemoration of the victory. The town is bounded on the south by the Arabian Sea.  Battle of Colachel Colachel was the location of the battle between the Travancore (Anglicised form of Thiruvithaamkoor) forces led by King Marthanda Varma (1729–1758) and the Dutch East India Company forces led by Admiral Eustachius De Lannoy on 10 August 1741. It was the first time in Indian history that a small kingdom defeated a European naval force. The Dutch marines landed in Colachel with artillery and captured the land up to Padmanabhapuram, the then capital of Travancore. The arrival of Marthanda Varma's army led by his General Anandha Padmanaba Nadar from the north
Russell C. Redding is the Pennsylvania Secretary of Agriculture, having been nominated by Pennsylvania Governor Tom Wolf and confirmed in May 2015 and again in May 2023 following his reappointment by Josh Shapiro. He had previously served in that role in the administration of Governor Ed Rendell from 2009 until 2011.
Jude Thaddeus Wanniski (June 17, 1936 – August 29, 2005) was an American journalist, conservative commentator, and political economist.  Early life and education Wanniski was born in Pottsville, Pennsylvania, the son of Constance, who worked at an accounting firm, and Michael Wanniski, an itinerant butcher. His father was of Polish descent and his mother was a Scottish immigrant. When he was still very young, his family moved to Brooklyn, where his father became a book binder. His grandfather was a Pennsylvania coal miner and a dedicated Communist who gave his grandson a copy of Das Kapital for his high school graduation.  Career After college, Wanniski worked as a reporter and columnist in Alaska. From 1961 to 1965 he worked at The Las Vegas Review-Journal as a political columnist, where he taught himself economics.  In 1965, Wanniski moved to Washington, D.C., to work as a columnist for the National Observer, published by Dow Jones.  From 1972 to 1978, Wanniski was the associate editor of The Wall Street Journal. He left after being discovered at a New Jersey train station distributing leaflets supporting a Republican senatorial candidate, an act considered an ethics violation.  In 1978, Wanniski started Polyconomics, an economics forecasting firm, where he and his analysts advised corporations, investment banks and others.  He also began directly advising politicians on economic policy, first candidate Ronald Reagan and later presidential hopefuls Jack Kemp and Steve Forbes. He helped design the tax cuts made during Reagan's first term in office. His formal role as a Reagan adviser ended after an interview he gave to the Village Voice was published under the headline "The Battle for Reagan's Mind."  In the late 1990s, Wanniski developed a friendship with the controversial leader of the Nation of Islam, Louis Farrakhan, stating in 1997: "My wife Patricia and I spent the four-day July 4th weekend in Chicago at the International Islamic Conference, hosted by the Nation of Islam, in conjunction with the World Islamic Peoples Leadership. It may have been the single most important political event I have witnessed in my life. ... What made the event so important was that when the weekend began, Farrakhan was the spiritual leader of 200,000 members of the Nation of Islam and clearly the most influential of 33 million African-Americans. At its conclusion, Farrakhan stands a good chance at uniting 1.2 billion Muslims under his spiritual leadership."  Polyconomics as a corporation ceased operations on June 30, 2006, ten months after Wanniski's death, but the name (a combination of "politics" and "economics") lives on at The Polyconomics Institute, where one can find the Wanniski's collected works for Polyconomics, as well as correspondence with economic policy makers, and lectures.  Economic and political beliefs Wanniski consistently advocated the reduction of trade barriers, the elimination of capital gains taxes, and a return to the gold standard.  Lower taxes Wanniski was instrumental in popularizing the ideas of lower tax rates embodied in the "Laffer Curve" and was present in 1974 when Arthur Laffer drew the curve on the famous napkin for Dick Cheney and Donald Rumsfeld.  A simplified view of the theory is that tax revenues would be zero if tax rates were either 0% or 100% and somewhere in between 0% and 100% is a tax rate that maximizes total revenue. Laffer's postulate was that the tax rate
The Revenge Tour was a concert tour by Kiss in support of the band's studio album Revenge.  Background It was the first tour with drummer Eric Singer, replacing Eric Carr who died of cancer on November 24, 1991. Singer had previously performed with Paul Stanley's solo tour and was seen as a 'natural choice' according to Gene Simmons.  Kiss began the tour with a leg of club shows in North America. During the European leg of the tour in the United Kingdom, the stage set from the Hot in the Shade Tour was used. During the show at Cardiff National Ice Rink on May 20, 1992, a pyro cue for "Heaven's on Fire" caused £30,000 worth of damage to the ceiling.  For the North American arena tour, the stage featured a giant 41-foot high replica of the Statue of Liberty in front of a large Kiss logo wall. Halfway through the show during "War Machine", the statue's face crumbled to reveal its skull. Afterward, its right arm and torch crumbled down before its skeleton hand gave the finger, which some audiences took personally. The shows would also include strippers during the song "Take It Off". The stage was hauled by six to ten semi haulers while the replica of the Statue of Liberty had to fit into three trucks.  Due to poor ticket sales, the tour had to be shortened. There was a show set to take place in Spokane on December 13, but had been canceled due to weather affecting the band's travel between shows. The shows in Cleveland, Detroit and Indianapolis were recorded by Eddie Kramer for the Alive III live album.  In the tour program for the band's final tour, Simmons reflected on the tour:  Setlists These are example
Manuel Rodrigues Tavares de Almeida Neto (born 11 December 1993) is a Brazilian dressage rider. He competed at the 2014 World Equestrian Games in Normandy where she finished 24th with the Brazilian team in the team competition and 87th in the individual dressage competition.  His twin brother Pedro and sister Luiza have also been competing internationally for Brazil in dressage.  References  1993 births Living people
John Herbert Siegle (July 8, 1874 – February 12, 1968) was a Major League Baseball outfielder. He played parts of two seasons in the majors,  and , for the Cincinnati Reds. His minor league career spanned 16 seasons, between  and .  Sources  1874 births 1968 deaths Major League Baseball outfielders Cincinnati Reds players Dayton Veterans players Grand Rapids
Ebony Wall () is a dark,
The Power of Nightmares: The Rise of the Politics of Fear is a BBC television documentary series by Adam Curtis. It mainly consists of archive footage, with Curtis narrating. The series was originally broadcast in the United Kingdom in 2004. It has subsequently been aired in multiple countries and shown at various film festivals, including the 2005 Cannes Film Festival.  The film compares the rise of the neoconservative movement in the United States and the radical Islamist movement, drawing comparisons between their origins, and remarking on similarities between the two groups. More controversially, it argues that radical Islamism as a massive, sinister organisation, specifically in the form of al-Qaeda, is a myth, or noble lie, perpetrated by leaders of many countries—and particularly neoconservatives in the U.S.—in a renewed attempt to unite and inspire their people after the ultimate failure of utopian ideas.  The Power of Nightmares was praised by film critics in Britain and the United States. Its message and content have also been the subject of various critiques and criticisms from conservatives and progressives.  Synopsis  Part 1. "Baby It's Cold Outside"  The first part of the series explains the origins of Islamism and neoconservatism. It shows Egyptian civil servant Sayyid Qutb, depicted as the founder of modern Islamist thinking, visiting the U.S. to learn about its education system, then becoming disgusted at what he judged as the corruption of morals and virtues in western society through individualism. When he returns to Egypt, he is disturbed by westernisation under Gamal Abdel Nasser and becomes convinced that in order to save his own society, it must be completely restructured along the lines of Islamic law while still using western technology. He then becomes convinced that his vision can only be accomplished through use of an elite "vanguard" to lead a revolution against the established order. Qutb becomes a leader of the Muslim Brotherhood and, after being tortured in one of Nasser's jails, comes to believe that western-influenced leaders can be justifiably killed to remove their corruption. Qutb is executed in 1966, but he influences Ayman al-Zawahiri, the future mentor of Osama bin Laden, to start his own
The United States Post Office and Sub-Treasury Building (demolished 1929) was a public building on Post Office Square in Boston, Massachusetts. Built in the late nineteenth century, it was the first post office building in the city to be owned by the United States federal government. The John W. McCormack Post Office and Courthouse now stands on its former site.  History  The Post Office and Sub-Treasury Building was designed to provide a permanent Boston office for the United States Postal Service, which had spent the early part of the nineteenth century repeatedly moving between various downtown locations in the city. Efforts to build a proper post office building in Boston had begun during the administration of President Millard Fillmore, but these met with little success until 1867, when Andrew Johnson approved a joint resolution by the
Alraune is a German science fiction horror film directed by Richard Oswald. Like the 1928 version, this movie again features Brigitte Helm in the role of Alraune. This version aimed for greater realism but is still based upon the original German myth.  Plot A scientist, Professor Jakob ten Brinken, interested in the laws of heredity, impregnates a prostitute in a laboratory with the semen of a hanged murderer. The prostitute conceives a female child who has no concept of love, whom the professor adopts. The girl, Alraune, suffers from obsessive sexuality and perverse relationships throughout her life. She learns of her unnatural origins and avenges herself against the professor.  Cast  Release Alraune was first shown in Germany at the Gloria-Palast theatre on
Deaths and Entrances is the second studio album by Scottish indie rock band My Latest Novel, released on 18 May 2009 on Bella Union. The album is named after a Dylan Thomas poem of the same name. Regarding the album's title, the band state:  Background According to the band:  Track listing "All In All In All Is All" "Dragonhide" "Lacklustre" "I Declare a Ceasefire" "A Dear Green Place" "Argument Against the Man" "Man Against the Argument" "If the Accident Will" "Hopelessly Endlessly" "Re-Appropriation of the Meme" "The Greatest Shakedown"  Personnel Andy Miller - producer, engineer Kenny McLeod - mastering Michelle Blade - cover artwork Paul McGeachy - inner artwork, layout Gary Deveny - inner artwork, layout Ryan King - inner artwork, layout  References  2009 albums My Latest Novel
Rodney Lawrence (born 8 August 1954) is an Australian cricketer. He played in eight first-class matches for Queensland between 1974 and
The following is a list of power transfers between national heads of state, heads of government, prime ministers, and other equivalent positions in the year 2022. All countries which act as de facto sovereign states, per the criteria at List of sovereign states, are included.  Heads of State  Heads of Government and Prime
Kəpənəkçi or Kepenekchi or Kyapyanyakchi or Kapanakchi or Kapanachkhi may
Gio Nicola Buhagiar (, 17 May 1698 – 21 March 1752) was a Maltese painter.  Biography  Buhagiar was born in Żebbuġ on 17 May 1698. He was the son of the stone carver Pasquale Buhagiar, while his mother was Leonora Buttigieg, originally from Siġġiewi. The family eventually moved
Frank Atwood Richardson (1898–1962) was an American film director and screenwriter. In the 1920s and 1930s he worked in Britain, directing several quota quickies including Don't Be a Dummy (1932).  Selected filmography  Kitty Tailleur (1921)  Sheer Bluff (1921)  The White Hen (1921)  King of the Pack (1926)  Racing Blood (1926)  The River House Ghost (1932)  Don't Be a Dummy (1932)  Above Rubies (1932)  Double Wedding (1933)  The Howard Case (1936)  The Avenging
Marmara serotinella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from Virginia and
Cannabis in Ohio is legal for medical use and illegal for recreational use. Since 1975, possession of up to  has been decriminalized, with several of the state's major cities having enacted further reforms. Medical use was legalized in 2016 through a bill passed by the state legislature.  Decriminalization (1975) On August 22, 1975, Governor James Rhodes signed a bill decriminalizing cannabis, making Ohio the sixth state to do so.  Under Ohio law, the possession of up to 100 grams of marijuana is a "minor misdemeanor" which carries a maximum fine of $150. Possession of more than 100 grams but less than 200 grams of marijuana is a misdemeanor punishable by up to thirty days in jail and a $250 fine.  The FBI's Uniform Crime Reports report that in 2013, 17,000 arrests for marijuana possession were made in Ohio. A 2013 report by the ACLU found that in Ohio, African Americans were 4.1 times more likely than Caucasians to be arrested for marijuana possession.  Issue 3: Failed recreational use initiative (2015) In 2015, a ballot measure to legalize recreational use of cannabis in Ohio was defeated on the November ballot. The measure, known as Issue 3, would have
is a Japanese politician, social worker and former school teacher for the disabled. He became one of the first two openly gay male politicians elected to office in Japanese history in April 2011 when he was elected to the Nakano, Tokyo ward council. The other was Taiga Ishikawa, who was elected to the Toshima ward council.  Early years  Born in Ota-ku, Tokyo, Ishizaka grew up in Inagi City.  Education  In March 2000, he graduated from Seikei University, as part of the Faculty of Economics, Department of Economics, International Society Course. In 2001, he completed the Department of Developmental Disorder Education, Special Course of Special Education, Chiba University . In 2002, he became a teacher at Asahi Yogo School.  In 2010, he completed the master's program at the Graduate School of Social Design, 21st Century, Rikkyo University.  Career  In the election on April 24, 2011, he became Japan's first openly gay public officer with Taiga Ishikawa, who was first elected to the Toshima Ward Parliament on the same day. He is also the first member of the Nakano Ward to have a mental health worker qualification.  On July 6, 2017, he helped to establish the "LGBT municipality Parliamentary League." It aims to spread regulations and measures to protect the human rights of sexual minorities to local governments throughout the country through local assembly.  References  External links   http://ishizaka.exblog.jp/i26  Living people 1976 births Gay politicians Japanese gay men Japanese LGBT politicians Japanese LGBT rights activists People from Ōta, Tokyo Politicians from Tokyo Social Democratic Party (Japan) politicians 21st-century
In United States history, the Gilded Age is a term coined by Mark Twain and used by some historians to refer roughly to the period between 1877 and 1900, which was sandwiched between the Reconstruction Era and the Progressive Era. It was a time of rapid economic growth, especially in the Northern and Western United States. As American wages grew much higher than those in Europe, especially for skilled workers, and industrialization demanded an ever-increasing unskilled labor force, the period saw an influx of millions of European immigrants.  The rapid expansion of industrialization led to real wage growth of 40% between 1860 and 1890, and spread across the ever-increasing labor force. The average annual wage per industrial worker (including men, women, and children) rose from $380 in 1880, to $564 in 1890, a gain of 48%. Conversely, the Gilded Age was also an era of abject poverty and inequality, as millions of immigrants—many from impoverished regions—poured into the United States, and the high concentration of wealth became more visible and contentious.  Railroads were the major growth industry, with the factory system, mining, and finance increasing in importance. Immigration from Europe and the Eastern United States led to the rapid growth of the West based on farming, ranching, and mining. Labor unions became increasingly important in the rapidly growing industrial cities. Two major nationwide depressions—the Panic of 1873 and the Panic of 1893—interrupted growth and caused social and political upheavals.  The South remained economically devastated after the American Civil War; the region's economy became increasingly tied to commodities, cotton, and tobacco production, which suffered from low prices. With the end of the Reconstruction Era in 1877, African American people in the South were stripped of political power and voting rights and were left economically disadvantaged.  The political landscape was notable in that despite some corruption, election turnout was very high and national elections saw two evenly matched parties. The dominant issues were cultural (especially regarding prohibition, education, and ethnic or racial groups) and economic (tariffs and money supply). With the rapid growth of cities, political machines increasingly took control of urban politics. In business, powerful nationwide trusts formed in some industries. Unions crusaded for the eight-hour working day, and the abolition of child labor; middle class reformers demanded civil service reform, prohibition of liquor and beer, and women's suffrage.  Local governments across the North and West built public schools chiefly at the elementary level; public high schools started to emerge. The numerous religious denominations were growing in membership and wealth, with Catholicism becoming the largest. They all expanded their missionary activity to the world arena. Catholics, Lutherans, and Episcopalians set up religious schools, and the largest of those schools set up numerous colleges, hospitals, and charities. Many of the problems faced by society, especially the poor, gave rise to attempted reforms in the subsequent Progressive Era.  The name and the era  The Gilded Age, the term for the period of economic boom which began after the American Civil War and ended at the turn of the century, was applied to the era by 1920s historians who took the term from one of Mark Twain's lesser-known novels, The Gilded Age: A Tale of Today (1873). The book (co-written with Charles Dudley Warner) satirized the promised "golden
Frank Ross (born 1959) is a Scottish politician who served as Lord Provost of Edinburgh from April 2017 until May 2022. A member of the Scottish National Party (SNP), he has been a councillor for the Corstorphine/Murrayfield ward in the City of Edinburgh Council since 2012.  Born in London, England, Ross moved to Glasgow before attending school in Edinburgh. He attended the Edinburgh Napier University, earning a BA in Business Studies. He is a Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Management Accountants. In the 2012 Scottish local elections, he was elected to represent the Corstorphine/Murrayfield ward. Ross served as Deputy Leader of the council before being elected as Lord Provost in April 2017.  Early life and education  Frank Ross was born in 1959 in London, England. In his early years he moved to Glasgow before attending Leith Academy from 1964 to 1970 and George Watson's College from 1979 to 1975 in Edinburgh. He gained a BA in Business Studies from Napier University and worked as an accountant before becoming an elected representative.  Political career  Ross was elected as Scottish National Party councillor for the City of Edinburgh Council for the Corstorphine/Murrayfield ward in 2012. He served as Convener of the Economy Committee for three
The Rigid Raider (RRC) is a series of fast raiding and assault craft made by RTK Marine, a subsidiary of Halmatic, part of BAE Systems Surface Ships. They are primarily in service with two branches of the British Armed Forces: The Royal Navy (incl. the Royal Marines and the Special Boat Service) and the British Army. Despite being among the smallest of
Stillwater State Forest is a state forest located in Montana. The forest
"Where Does My Heart Beat Now" is a song performed by Canadian recording artist Celine Dion for her ninth studio album and debut English-language album, Unison (1990). It was released by Columbia Records as the third single from Unison in Canada on 1 October 1990. It was also issued as the lead single in the United States in late 1990, and in other parts of the world in early 1991. "Where Does My Heart Beat Now" was written by Robert White Johnson and Taylor Rhodes in 1988, and recorded by Dion one year later. The song was produced by Christopher Neil. Dion premiered the song at the Eurovision Song Contest 1989 in Switzerland, where she performed it along with her 1988 winning song, "Ne partez pas sans moi".  "Where Does My Heart Beat Now" received positive reviews from music critics, and won the ASCAP Pop Award. It was the most successful single from Unison, and became Dion's highest charting English-language single at the time. It reached number four on the US Billboard Hot 100, and Dion became the first French-Canadian artist to land a top-ten hit there. It did even better on the Adult Contemporary chart, peaking at number two. "Where Does My Heart Beat Now" reached also the top-ten in Norway and Canada, peaking at number four and six, respectively. Two accompanying music videos for the song were filmed. In 2008, it was included on the North American edition of Dion's greatest hits compilation My Love: Essential Collection.  Background and release In 1989, Dion was recording her first English-language album, Unison. One of the songs chosen for the album was "Where Does My Heart Beat Now", written by Robert White Johnson and Taylor Rhodes. On 6 May 1989, Dion performed "Where Does My Heart Beat Now" for the very first time during the Eurovision Song Contest in Lausanne, Switzerland. The song was then released as the third single from the album in Canada on 1 October 1990. It was also issued as the lead single from Unison in the United States in late 1990, and in early 1991 in the rest of the world.  Chart performance In Canada, "Where Does My Heart Beat Now" entered the charts in October 1990 and reached number six on The Record Retail Singles Chart on 8 April 1991. It also topped the RPM Adult Contemporary chart for two weeks in February 1991. In the United States, "Where Does My Heart Beat Now" debuted at number 80 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart dated 8 December 1990. It peaked at number four on 2 March 1991 and became Dion's first Billboard Hot 100 top ten single. She also became the first French-Canadian artist to land a top-10 hit there. The track entered Billboards Adult Contemporary chart dated 27 October 1990, reaching number two on 2 February 1991. "Where Does My Heart Beat Now" was successful in Norway peaking at number four in March 1991, and also reached the top 40 in Ireland, France, Belgium, Netherlands and New Zealand. The song also charted in Australia and the United Kingdom.  Critical reception American magazine Billboard complimented the song as a "lushly framed single". Chicago Tribune editor Jan De Knock felt that Dion "shines brightest on torchy love songs", including "Where Does My Heart Beat Now". A reviewer from Columbia Daily Tribune declared it as a "swelling ballad". Dave Sholin from the Gavin Report commented, "Climbing the Adult Contemporary chart, this French-Canadian only learned to speak English three years ago—a surprising fact in light of the way she handles this stirring ballad". Chris Roberts from Melody Maker wrote, "Whitney/Mariah epic slush/lust ballad of the week. By Christ these millionairesses know how to give a chorus some welly. Utterly f*** fantastic, makes me roll around in satin sheets like a proper girlie." Pan-European magazine Music & Media praised it as a "slow-stepping emotional song, with an effective and dramatic build-up, brought to life by one of Canada's hottest singers of the moment." A reviewer for Music Week called it "a tense ballad which finds her deep in Gloria Estefan territory." Gene Sandbloom from The Network Forty said, "Truly an epic production, this huge ballad has everything but cannon fire and missile explosions. With the deep and sincere vocals of French-Canadian Celine Dion". Newcastle Evening Chronicle remarked its "slow measured tempo on a sensually dramatic ballad." The Orlando Sentinel viewed it as a "splashy pop-gospel ballad".   Retrospective response About.com ranked "Where Does My Heart Beat Now" number five in their list of "Top 10 Celine Dion Songs" in 2017. In an 2020 retrospective review, Matthew Hocter from Albumism named it the standout track of the Unison album and "the one that truly brought Dion to the masses". AllMusic senior editor Stephen Thomas Erlewine picked it as an album standout along with "(If There Was) Any Other Way". Talk About Pop Music's Christopher Smith described the song as a "power ballad", which showcases Dion's "vocal power".  Music video Three versions of the music video exist: a black and white Canadian version for the Canadian market (released in October 1990), a color performance version for the US promotion (November 1990) directed by David Phillips, and a black-and-white version mixed with the performance version made for the Unison home video (July 1991). The latter version was later published on Dion's official YouTube channel in February 2013. It has amassed more than 17.3 million views
Jolarpettai is a railway town in Tirupattur district, Tamil Nadu, India. It is a commuter rail hub in Southern Railway. It is 7 km from district Tirupattur and 18 km from Vaniyambadi.  As of 2011, the town had a population of 29,662 and covered an area of 13.06 km2. The town is divided into 18 wards.  History Jolarpet Municipality was constituted in 1971 from 23.5.1971 as First Grade Town Panchayat Selection Grade Town Panchayat 1982 from 24.02 1982 and then it was upgraded to Third Grade Municipality from 01.07 2004 and it was subsequently upgraded as IInd Grade Municipality Vide GO(Ms)  No. 154 Dt. 09.08 2010.  Geography Jolarpet is a second  grade municipality in Tirupattur district.   Jolarpet is renowned for its railway station.  The town is also located on State Highway 18 connecting Vaniyambadi -Tirupattur. Regarding transportation linkage, the highway (NH 48) from Chennai to Krishnagiri passes through the outskirts of the town. Jolarpettai municipality comprises four revenue villages, namely, Vakkanampatti, Ediyampatti Ossinattam Vattam, Kudiyana Kuppam, and spreads over an area of 13.06 km2. Location of Yelagiri hills close with the town supports growth of the town to a greater extent. Almost the whole of Jolarpet Municipality consists of flat terrain. The general slope is towards southeast and the small streams that rise in the Yelagiri hills situated in the west eventually fall into the Palar river. The topography of Jolarpet in plain and it is situated at an altitude of 186.75 meters above mean sea level. The wind direction is predominant towards southwest for the whole of the year However, during summer it is from southwest to northeast.  Climate and rainfall The seasonal climate conditions are moderate. Weather is colder during winter and hotter in summer due to hills and forests surrounding the town.  The average maximum and minimum temperature are 42 °C and 13 °C respectively. The town typically receives a maximum rainfall of 35 cm, 37 cm during the September, October and November. Light moderate rainfall of 10 cm to 32 cm occurs during the months of June, July & August.  The wind direction during April to September is southwest. September is usually a still cold month, with light and varying winds by October the winds shifts to northeast succeeded by north-east monsoon and winter season begins. The south-west wind begins to carry on the southwest monsoon with occasional showers up to August.  Demographics  According to 2011 census, Jolarpet had a population of 29,662 with a sex-ratio of 1,032 females for every 1,000 males, much above the national average of 929. A total of 3,148 were under the age of six, constituting 1,605 males and 1,543 females. Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes accounted for 17.89% and 1.79% of the population respectively. The average literacy of the town was 74.44%, compared to the national average of 72.99%. The town had a total of : 7140 households. There were a total of 10,639 workers, comprising 220 cultivators, 632 main agricultural labourers, 1,211 in house hold industries, 6,327 other workers, 2,249 marginal workers, 20 marginal cultivators, 274 marginal agricultural labourers, 269 marginal workers in household industries and 1,686 other marginal workers. As per the religious census of 2011, Jolarpet had 91.87% Hindus, 4.44% Muslims, 3.55% Christians, 0.02% Sikhs, 0.02% Buddhists, 0.0% Jains, 0.09% following other religions and 0.01% following no religion or did not indicate any religious preference.  Administration and politics  Jolarpet Assembly constituency is the 49th Tamil Assembly constituency and covers this area.  The Municipal Council comprises 18 wards. Councillors are headed by chairperson, who is elected by voters of the councillors. The municipal office is situated at Gandhi Road near by Jolarpet Railway junction.  Transport Jolarpettai is well connected by road to various parts of Vellore district. The State Highway 18 (Salem-Vaniyambadi) passes through the town, while NH 48 (Krishnagiri-Walajapet), which is part of the Golden Quadrilateral project, passes through the town's outskirts. It is well connected to all parts of Vellore district as well as important towns in Krishnagiri district and Dharmapuri district and Bengaluru by buses.  Jolarpet Junction  is a major cause of the town's development. The presence of a State Highway adds an advantage to the town. Thus, the town takes in the advantage of both road and
Eugen Schüfftan (21 July 1893, in Breslau, Silesia, Germany, now Wroclaw, Poland – 6 September 1977, in New York City) was a German cinematographer.  He invented the Schüfftan process, a special effects technique that employed mirrors to insert actors into miniature
In August 1960 troops of the Republic of the Congo (presently Democratic Republic of the Congo) attempted to crush the secession of South Kasai by invading the declared state's territory. Though initially militarily successful, the attack faltered under intense international and domestic political scrutiny and the Congolese troops were withdrawn.  The Congo became independent in June 1960, and the following month the province of Katanga seceded from the country. As the Congo became engulfed by crisis, members of the Luba ethnic group became subject to violent attacks. In early August, Muluba politician Albert Kalonji declared the secession of South Kasai, a region just north of Katanga, with the aim of creating a Baluba-dominated state. The Congolese central government, led by Prime Minister Patrice Lumumba, resolved to put down the secessions by force. As South Kasai controlled railway junctions critical for an attack against Katanga, the Congolese forces decided to target South Kasai first. Lumumba ordered the offensive to commence, though who planned it
Defending champion Steffi Graf defeated Arantxa Sánchez Vicario in a rematch of the previous year's final, 6–3, 6–7(4–7), 10–8 to win the women's singles tennis title at the 1996 French Open. With the win, Graf claimed her 19th major singles title, surpassing Chris Evert and Martina Navratilova's Open Era record.  Seeds The seeded players are listed below. Steffi Graf is the champion; others show the round in which they were eliminated.    Steffi Graf (champion)   Monica Seles (quarterfinals)   Conchita Martínez (semifinals)   Arantxa Sánchez Vicario (final)   Iva Majoli (quarterfinals)   Anke Huber (fourth round)   Kimiko Date (fourth round)   Brenda Schultz-McCarthy (third round)   Lindsay Davenport (quarterfinals)   Jana Novotná (semifinals)   Mary Joe Fernández (fourth round)   Mary Pierce (third round)   Magdalena Maleeva (fourth round)   Amanda Coetzer (fourth round)   Martina Hingis (third round)   Barbara Paulus (third round)  Qualifying  Draw  Finals 
Monthey (; ) is the capital of the district of Monthey in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.  History  The castle in the town center was built in 950 on a hill, the first houses of Monthey surrounded it.  Monthey is first mentioned in 1215 as Montez. At the 13th century, the counts of Savoy owned the village and its area. In 1352, the count Amédée VI gave more freedom to the inhabitants.  During the first part of the 14th century, there were several industries including silk production and grinding mills.  Geography  Monthey has an area, , of .  Of this area, 
Monique Mbeka Phoba (born 1962) is a filmmaker whose family comes from the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) but who now lives in Benin. Her films have won a number of awards.  Birth and education  Monique Mbeka Phoba was born in 1962 in Brussels, the daughter of a DRC diplomat. She visited the DRC during her school holidays, but established herself in Belgium when aged sixteen after her father resigned his office. She studied at the Saint-Louis High Business School, and obtained a
Guilderland Cemetery Vault is a historic burial vault located in Guilderland Cemetery at Guilderland in Albany County, New York.  It was built in 1872 and is a small one story cobblestone building.  It is built of coursed cobblestones with smooth ashlar quoins and rounded arch door.  It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places
Nature Religion Today: Paganism in the Modern World is an academic anthology edited by the British religious studies scholars  Joanne Pearson, Richard H. Roberts and Geoffrey Samuel which was published by Edinburgh University Press in 1998. Containing fourteen separate papers produced by various scholars working in the field of Pagan studies, the book examines different forms of contemporary Paganism as practiced in Europe and North America.  Divided into three parts, the first, entitled "A Chthonic Imperative? Religion and Nature in the Modern World" contained papers from scholars such as Peter Beyer, Steven Sutcliffe and Wouter J. Hanegraaff and dealt with the relationship between contemporary Paganism and various features of contemporary society, such as globalisation and the secularisation of the natural world. The second part, entitled "The Pagan Alternative: the Goddess and Nature", contained papers by Prudence Jones, Ronald Hutton, Susan Greenwood, Elizabeth Puttick and Geoffrey Samuel dealing with the role of goddess figures in the Pagan movement. Finally, the third part of the book, entitled "Nature Religion in Practice", contained articles by Jone Salomonsen, Philip Shallcrass, Vivianne Crowley and Alastair McIntosh dealing with the various religious practices of Pagans.  Origins The first international academic conference on the subject of Pagan studies had been held at the University of Newcastle upon Tyne, North-East England in 1993, having been organised by the religious studies scholars Graham Harvey and Charlotte Hardman. In April 1996 a larger conference dealing with contemporary Paganism then took place at Ambleside in the Lake District; organised by the Department of Religious Studies at the University of Lancaster, North-West England, it was entitled "Nature Religion Today: Western Paganism, Shamanism and Esotericism in the 1990s". The conference's organisers later described its original intentions, remarking that through it they "sought to explore the innovations in practice and belief which constitute contemporary Paganism, and which appear to be a part of a widespread cultural response to the decay of main-line religions and to a widely felt awareness of ecological crisis."  Synopsis  Part One: A Cthonic Imperative? Religion and Nature in the Modern World  Beyer's "Globalisation and the Religion of Nature" The anthology's opening paper was written by Peter Beyer, then an Associate Professor of Religious Studies at the University of Ottawa, Canada, and the author of the book Religion and Globalization (1994). In this paper, Beyer delved the definition of "nature religion" developed by the American religious studies scholar Catherine Albanese, looking at those religious movements whose "devotees consider nature to be the embodiment of divinity, sacredness, transcendence, spiritual power, or whatever cognate term one wishes to use". Proceeding to provide a basic summary of globalisation, he then made a brief discussion of how the two interact, arguing that nature religions had a tendency to develop a counter-structural strategy in dealing with globalising forces. In this manner they emphasise the idea that spiritual authenticity is stronger among the oppressed, such as those indigenous communities who adhere to nature religionist beliefs.  Hanegraaff's "Reflections on New Age and the Secularisation of Nature" Beyer's paper was followed by that provided by Wouter J. Hanegraaff, then a research associate at the University of Utrecht and the author of New Age
Mark Wing-Davey (born 30 November 1948) is a British actor and director. He portrayed Zaphod Beeblebrox in the radio and television versions of The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy.  Early and personal life The
Sukarno ( , ; born Koesno Sosrodihardjo, ; 6 June 1901 – 21 June 1970) was an Indonesian statesman, orator, revolutionary, and nationalist who was the first president of Indonesia, serving from 1945 to 1967.  Sukarno was the leader of the Indonesian struggle for independence from the Dutch colonialists. He was a prominent leader of Indonesia's nationalist movement during the colonial period and spent over a decade under Dutch detention until released by the invading Japanese forces in World War II. Sukarno and his fellow nationalists collaborated to garner support for the Japanese war effort from the population, in exchange for Japanese aid in spreading nationalist ideas. Upon Japanese surrender, Sukarno and Mohammad Hatta declared Indonesian independence on 17 August 1945, and Sukarno was appointed president. He led the Indonesian resistance to Dutch re-colonisation efforts via diplomatic and military means until the Dutch recognition of Indonesian independence in 1949.  After a chaotic period of parliamentary democracy, Sukarno established an autocratic system called "Guided Democracy" in 1959 that successfully ended the instability and rebellions which were threatening the survival of the diverse and fractious country. In the early 1960s Sukarno embarked on a series of aggressive foreign policies under the rubric of anti-imperialism and personally championed the Non-Aligned Movement. These developments led to increasing friction with the West and closer relations with the USSR. After the events surrounding the 30 September Movement of 1965, the military general Suharto largely took control of the country in a Western-backed military overthrow of
A projectionist is a person who operates a movie projector, particularly as an employee of a movie theater.  Projectionists are also known as "operators".  Historical background N.B. The dates given in the subject headings are approximate.  Early cinema (1895–1915) The need for professional projectionists arose from the commercial showing of movie films to the general public in buildings specifically designed for the purpose or using variety theatres as part of the "bill", which began towards the end of the first decade of the twentieth century.  Before the emergence of purpose-built movie theaters, film projectors in venues such as fairgrounds, music halls and Nickelodeons were usually operated by a showman or presenter, in the same way as a lanternist.  The light source for most projectors in the early period was limelight, which did not require an electricity supply.  Between approximately 1905 and 1915, two factors combined to transform the role of the projectionist into a separate job with a specific profile of skills and training.  Concerns over the flammability of nitrate film, following several major fires during the cinema's first decade 
Srigufwara is a town and administrative sub-division, or tehsil, in the Anantnag district of the India-administered union territory of Jammu and Kashmir. It was given tehsil status by the government of Jammu and Kashmir on 1 February 2014.  Etymology  Srigufwara combines two roots:  and . The first root, , means 'sacred', and the second root, , means 'place with a cave or secret'. This comes from the Kashmiri words  () and  ().  According to legend, a famous reshi meditated there in a cave in the 11th century when there was sparse human habitation. His secret communion with God resulted in his salvation. The place's name is believed to come from the saint's presence.  During Islamic rule, the town was called gofabal, again meaning 'place with a cave', from the words gof () and bal ().  Location Srigufwara is located on the banks of one of the only tributaries of the Lidder River, near several villages such as Khairbug, Poshkreedi, Darigund, and Hugam. It is  from the main city of Anantnag. An alternate route to the Pahalgam health resort en route to Amarnath Temple, a Hindu shrine dedicated to the god Shiva, passes through the town. It serves as a shortcut to travel to the resort. The drive is via apple valleys, vast landscapes and lush green fields. The seventh-century Martand Sun Temple on Martand plateau (Karewa), built by King Lalitaditya Muktapida of Kashmir, is 10 km from the town.  New administrative unit Local people and prominent political leaders had occasionally demanded tehsil status for the area. The decision to form new units was pending with the state government. On 1 February 2014, Srigufwara was given tehsil status in Anantnag District after the chief minister of Jammu and Kashmir Omar Abdullah agreed to a proposal to create new administrative units in the state. Srigufwara is one of 135 newly-created tehsils after the state cabinet accepted the report submitted by the Cabinet Sub-Committee (CSC) headed by Jammu and Kashmir Deputy Chief Minister Tara Chand. The number of new administrative units recommended by the CSC was three times more than the 57 recommended by the Mushtaq Ganai Committee constituted by the Abdullah government.  Srigufwara acts as a center for more than 100 revenue villages, which cover its catchment area and benefit largely. Srigufwara is one of the few fast-evolving towns of south Kashmir with an important role in rural economic distribution, development & activity.  Geography Srigufwara is located at an elevation of  above sea level. The Lidder river passes through the town, flowing in a swift narrow stream from Sheshnag Lake to the east of Pahalgam and passing through many villages. The area has many small canals of different lengths. The Mahind and Dadi canals serve irrigation purposes in the area. The Dadi Canal initially covered less area, but after remodeling the tail-end irrigation was extended to 3,500 acres.  The Dadi Canal takes water from the Lidder river at Kathsu near Chatapura. It is 19 km long and irrigates about 8000 acres of land in Sakhras, Loiseer, Viddy, Darigund, Khiram, Bichhanpura, and Sirhama. The Mahind Canal, constructed in 1956, also takes water from the Lidder near Sakhras. It is 16 km long and irrigates about 2500 acres of land.  The area has deciduous vegetation and is abundant in coniferous forests including species like fir (Abies spectabilis), silver fir (Abies pindrow), kail (Pinus wallichiana), chir (Pinus roxburghii) and deodar (Cedrus deodara). There are numerous old chinar trees in the area, particularly on roadsides. Other trees include willows and poplars. The forest provides timber while grassy meadows in the forest provide fodder for cattle. Medicinal herbs such as digitalis, menthol, artemisia and belladonna are also found in the forests.  The soils are loamy with little clay or lime content but with a high amount of magnesia. Chemical fertilization, green manure, and legumes are used before cultivation. The alluvium has sufficient organic matter and nitrogen content because of plant residue, crop stubble, natural vegetation, and animal excretion. Soil types include gurti (clay), bahil (loam), and sekil (sandy). Fruit cultivation is predominant on the slopes, while paddy cultivation is common in the plains.  The area has a temperate climate as the Pir Panjal Range of the minor Himalayas surrounds it. In winter snowfall is heavier and the temperature is relatively low. Due to the presence of mountains, monsoons have a negligible effect on the area. The rainfall is often excessive in spring, moderate in summer, low in autumn and moderate in winter. In winters, the temperature may fall to  and in summers, the peak temperature is . Heavy rains and snowfall in winter threaten the residential buildings in the area, which sometimes results in
Osmolal gap can refer to:  Serum osmolal gap  Stool osmolal
Patrick John Micheletti (born December 11, 1963) is an American former ice hockey center who played 12 games in the National Hockey League with the Minnesota North Stars during the 1987–88 season. The rest of his career, which lasted from 1986 to 1992, was mainly spent in the Italian Serie A. The North Stars selected Micheletti with the 185th overall pick in the 1982 NHL
Sevenoaks Senior College is a comprehensive public co-educational high day school, located in Cannington,  southeast of Perth, Western Australia, close to the Cannington railway station. Opened in 2001, the school is a senior secondary campus which accepts Year 11 and Year 12 students from the Perth metropolitan region.  History The school is sited on the grounds of what was formerly Cannington Senior High School, which was built in 1965 and existed until 2000. The decision was made to close Cannington and open two new schools—Cannington Community College (K–10) and Sevenoaks Senior College (Years 11 and 12). Sevenoaks cost A$8.6 million to build, and was formally opened on 19 September 2001 by Minister for Education Alan Carpenter, although it had been operating since the beginning of 2001. Students from Yule Brook College who continue to study after leaving Year 10 will attend Sevenoaks.  The inaugural principal of the school was David Wood who later headed up the Curriculum Council of Western Australia and the school had 450 foundation students.  Enrolments at the school have fluctuated from 464 in 2009 to 511 in 2010, 501 in 2011, 498 in 2012 and 469 in 2013.  Teaching and learning The school is based upon adult learning principles and has a focus on industry and community partnerships. Unlike most schools in the Western Australian school system, it is self-managing with its own College Board, with the Principal being accountable to the Director-General of the Department of Education and Training for the operation of the College.  See also   List of schools in the Perth metropolitan area  References  External links  Sevenoaks Senior College  Public high schools in
Glazier is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:  Alan Glazier (born 1939), retired English darts player  Kenneth MacLean Glazier, Sr. (1912–1989), Canadian minister and librarian 
Prasophyllum apoxychilum, commonly known as the tapered leek orchid, is a species of orchid endemic to Tasmania. It has a single tubular, green leaf with a purplish base and up to twenty light green and whitish flowers. It is very similar to P. truncatum, and there is some doubt as to whether the two species are distinct. The species is known from twenty widely separated populations and is usually only seen in disturbed sites, such as after fire.  Description Prasophyllum apoxychilum is a terrestrial, perennial, deciduous, herb with an underground tuber and a single tube-shaped leaf,  long and  wide, the free part  long. Between eight and twenty flowers are arranged along a flowering spike  long reaching to a height of . The flowers are scented, light green,  wide with whitish petals and a white labellum. As with others in the genus, the flowers are inverted so that the labellum is above the column rather than below it. The dorsal sepal is narrow egg-shaped to lance-shaped,  long, about  wide, turns downward and has a few dark stripes. The lateral sepals are linear to lance-shaped,  long, about  wide, slightly curved and spread apart from each other. The petals are a similar size to the lateral sepals or slightly shorter and have a dark central band. The labellum is  long, about  wide, turns upwards, sometimes reaching above the lateral sepals and has a wavy edge. Flowering occurs from October to December and is stimulated by disturbance, such as by fire or mowing.  Taxonomy and naming Prasophyllum apoxychilum was first formally described in 1998 by David Jones from a specimen collected near Murdunna and the description was published in Australian Orchid Research. The specific epithet (apoxychilum) derived from the Ancient Greek words apoxys meaning "tapering" and cheilos meaning "lip" referring to the pointed labellum. 
Jezierzyce  is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rąbino, within Świdwin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in
Stefan Kopeć (; January 22, 1888 – March 11, 1941) was a Polish biologist and pioneer of insect endocrinology. Kopeć was director at Puławy Agricultural Research Station. He was murdered by the Germans during World War II.  Biography Stefan Kopeć studied at the Jagiellonian University in Kraków. He received his PhD there in 1912, and worked at Puławy Agricultural Research Station in Poland between 1915 and 1920. In 1929, he was made director of the institute. Between 1908 and 1927, Kopeć published at least 17 papers, in Polish, English and German, on insect endocrinology in various professional journals. Kopeć began his studies of the moulting of insects with Lymantria dispar from specimens caught in the wild. His subsequent scientific activities helped determine the role of the insect brain in hormone production. He was the earliest researcher to understand the importance of the insect brain, as is demonstrated by his statement in a 1917 paper: "For the normal process of metamorphosis the presence of the brain, at least up to a certain moment, is indispensable..."  Kopeć's most significant contribution was his study of neurosecretory cells in the brains of insects which secrete a crucial growth hormone, prothoracicotropic hormone (PTTH), which regulates the process of metamorphosis (ecdysteroidogenesis). He observed that nervous tissue could behave like an endocrine gland. This discovery stimulated further scientific research leading to the establishment of the field of science known as neuroendocrinology.  Kopeć's work was cut short due to his  arrest
Nobu Kawano (April 16, 1923 – July 27, 2018), nicknamed "Nobe", was an American baseball clubhouse manager, best known for being the clubhouse manager for the Los Angeles Dodgers from 1959 to 1991.  Early life  Kawano was born in Seattle, Washington on April 16, 1923 to Japanese immigrant parents. His older brother was Yosh Kawano who later became the clubhouse manager for the Chicago Cubs. The family moved to Southern California a few years after Kawano was born. Both brothers were enthusiastic baseball fans but, due to their Japanese heritage, opportunities to play were few.  During World War II, the two brothers and their family were interned at the Poston War Relocation Center in Arizona following the signing of Executive Order 9066. Yosh was, at the time, working as the spring training bat boy for the Chicago White Sox; the team negotiated the brothers' release from the camps.  After being released, Nobe served in the United States Merchant Marine, working on ships which ran supplies between the United States and Great Britain. In 1948, Kawano began to work the Hollywood Stars of the Pacific Coast League as
Jillian Pauline Saulnier (born March 7, 1992) grew up in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada.  She was the first female ice hockey player to represent Nova Scotia at the IIHF Women’s World Championship in 2015. She is a two-time Olympian for Team Canada, winning a gold medal in 2022 and a silver medal in 2018.  She is a member of Hockey Canada's National Women's Team, which won Gold in 2021 and plays in the PWPHL in Montreal. She did play in CWHL's Les Canadiennes de Montréal before the organization folded in the Spring of 2019.  Jill was also a part of Canada's National Women's Under-18 Team which won gold at the 2010 IIHF World Women's Under-18 Championship in Chicago.  As a member of the gold-winning squads and accomplishments throughout her career, Jill made history again in 2021 when Tim Horton's annual Trading Hockey Card collection included 15 women (stars) from Canada's national women's team.  She also was featured in the Upper Deck 2010 World of Sports card series. In addition, she participated in the Canada Celebrates Event on June 30 in Edmonton, Alberta which recognized the Canadian Olympic and World hockey champions from the 2009–10 season. She made her debut with the Canada women's national ice hockey team at the 2014 4
Rippin is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:   Andrew Rippin (1950–2016), Canadian Islamic studies scholar  Jane Deeter Rippin (1882–1953, née Deeter), American social worker  Niamh Rippin (born 1994), British gymnast
The Palazzo Muti (officially the Palazzo Muti e Santuario della Madonna dell' Archetto) is a large townhouse in the Piazza dei Santi Apostoli, Rome, Italy, built in 1644. Together with the neighboring Palazzo Muti Papazzurri, it originally formed part of a complex of adjoining palazzi and other houses owned by the Muti Papazzurri family. During the 18th century this entire range of buildings was, by courtesy of the pope, the residence of the Stuart dynasty while in exile in Rome. They were recognised by the Catholic Church as the rightful kings of Great Britain and Ireland. The Palazzo Muti should not be confused with the Palazzo Muti Papazzurri in the Piazza della Pilotta which was designed by Mattia de' Rossi in 1660.  Architecture   The Palazzo Muti stands on a street corner, and is constructed on four floors.  The architect was Mattia de Rossi who had been commissioned to build a residence for Giovanni Battista Muti Papazzurri, a member of one of Rome's patrician families.  The principal facade, today painted ochre and decorated only by quoining is of just three bays, with the main entrance to the palazzo, leading to an inner courtyard, at the centre on the ground floor. The size of the courtyard, dictated by the narrow rectangular dimensions of the palazzo is in reality little more than an open lightwell. The entrance itself is flanked by ionic columns, once surmounted by a Baroque pediment, this has since been replaced by a balcony.  The architrave of the entrance has engraved upon it the name "Balestra", a family who once owned the palazzo.  The top floor is concealed from sight by a broad cornice.  The top floor is architecturally interesting, although hidden from sight at street level its three windows are divided by double pilasters.  That such an architectural feature should be hidden insinuates that the whole facade may at one stage in its history been of a more ornate design than is apparent today. An 18th-century drawing of the building (left) shows the top floor was originally lower and decorated in the Baroque style with statuary.  However, even if its severe design the façade betrays some internal secrets, the first floor is obviously a piano nobile, as a  hint of the importance of this floor is indicated on the exterior by, not only tall pedimented windows but also above them blind windows indicating the double height of the reception rooms behind them.  The house originally formed part of a complex of family properties which included two other palazzi and two more houses, one of the palazzi was the Palazzo Muti Papazzurri which faces into the Piazza della Pilotta.  History  Muti Papazzurri family  The Muti Papazzurri are documented in Rome from 1435 when the will of Giovanni Paolo Muti mentions a casa complete with a tower on the site, and a painting from the early 17th century shows
Jennifer Dailey-Provost is an American politician serving as a member of the Utah House of Representatives from the 22nd district. Elected in November 2018, she assumed office on January 1, 2019.  Education Dailey-Provost earned a Bachelor of Science degree in marketing from the David Eccles School of Business at the University of Utah and an MBA from Westminster College.  Career  Dailey-Provost was executive director of Utah Academy of Family Physicians, where she lobbied for family medicine and primary care.  In the 2018 general election for the Utah House of Representatives, she defeated Republican candidate Scott Rosenbush, with 77% of the vote.  Political positions and significant legislation  In 2019, Rep. Dailey-Provost sponsored end-of-life legislation in the 2019 legislative session, but the bill did not receive a hearing. In 2022, she tried again, but the bill was defeated 2-9 in committee.  In 2021, Rep. Dailey-Provost sponsored a bill that would "allow women held in jails to be able to stay
The Smith House, also known locally as the Tilton-Smith House, is a historic house in Ipswich, Massachusetts.  Built in the first quarter of the 18th century, it is a good example of late First Period architecture.  It suffered serious fire damage in 1998, but underwent a meticulous restoration.  It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.  Description and history The Smith House stands in a rural-residential area of eastern Ipswich, on the north side of Argilla Road, roughly midway between Northgate Road and Fox Creek Road.  It is oriented facing nearly south (the road runs east-northeast), and is screened from the road by mature plantings.  It is a -story colonial style house with five window bays and a center chimney.  It features an integral leanto section at its rear (rather than being a later addition).  A number of the critical framing members of its construction are still exposed, showing workmanship that is typical of the First Period, but there are also typical Georgian period features, such as a plastered ceiling and wood paneling, and the stairway to the second floor is Georgian in character.  The main entrance is sheltered by a small gabled Greek Revival porch.  The exact date of construction is not known with certainty.  Architectural analysis places its construction toward the later end of the First Period of colonial construction, which ended around 1725.  Other evidence suggests it may have been built about 1720 by Abraham Tilton, Jr.  The house was extensively damaged
Wanted is a 2015 Western pornographic film directed by Stormy Daniels and produced by Wicked Pictures and Adam & Eve.  Plot Frank Garrett (Jay Crew) is a wealthy landowner who is in love with Joanna (Anikka Albrite), a prostitute. Garrett is sick and has a short time left to live, so he hands Joanna
Irakleio railway station () is a station on the Piraeus–Platy railway line, located in the municipality of Irakleio, Attica close to the municipalities of Vrilissia, Maroussi, and Chalandri Greece. It was first opened on 30 July 2004 and is located in the median strip of Motorway 6, at the interchange of Pentelis Avenue, at the intersection of which with the railway line SKA - Athens International Airport has been built. Prior to its construction, it was referred to as "Ano Iraklio" station.  History The station opened on 30 July
Palestina, Peru is a town in the district and province of Purús in the Ucayali Region of Peru, founded in 1994.  History  Before 1994, Palestina was a set of fields where cattle and crops were raised and people lived in the fields. In 1994 the mayor of Purús Province came to the area to found a town and build homes for any farmers who wished to live there.  Economy In addition to raising cattle, Palestina grows rice, corn, and fruits: pineapple, banana, coconut, cocona, orange, peach palm, passion fruit, and tangerine.  Holidays The town celebrates some national holidays: Mother's Day, Father's Day, and Labor Day.  They celebrate local anniversaries of the town's founding and the church founding, and they celebrate harvest holidays: watermelon planting, caywa planting, watermelon harvest, and rice harvest.  Documentary  A documentary featuring Palestina, Peru, has been created under
Chulkovo () is a rural locality (a settlement) in Denisovskoye Rural Settlement, Gorokhovetsky District, Vladimir Oblast, Russia. The population was 745 as
Fonda House is a historic home
Acacia poliochroa is a shrub belonging to the genus Acacia and the subgenus Phyllodineae that is endemic to south western Australia.   The prostrate to occasionally erect shrub typically grows to a height of  and has a dense domed habit with puberulous branchlets. the green phyllodes are  straight to shallowly incurved and rarely flat with a length of  and a width of . It blooms from September to October and produces yellow flowers. The rudimentary inflorescences rudimentary occur in pairs and have axes to a length of . The spherical flower-heads have a diameter of  and contain 16 to 21 light golden flowers. The linear, biconvex, blackish seed pods that form after flowering are strongly curved or form a single coil. The pods have a length of up to around  and have a width of around . The shiny dark brown seeds within have an oblong shape and a length of about .  It is native to an area in the eastern Wheatbelt and Goldfields-Esperance regions of Western Australia where it is
The titles "Maxims I" (sometimes referred to as three separate poems, "Maxims I, A, B and C") and "Maxims II" refer to pieces of Old English gnomic poetry. The poem "Maxims I" can be found in the Exeter Book and "Maxims II" is located in a lesser known manuscript, London, British Library, Cotton Tiberius B i. "Maxims I" and "Maxims II" are classified as wisdom poetry, being both influenced by wisdom literature, such as the Psalms and Proverbs of the Old Testament scriptures. Although they are separate poems of diverse contents, they have been given a shared name because the themes throughout each poem are similar.  "Maxims I" "Maxims I" can be found on folio 88b of the Exeter Book, beginning 'Frige mec froþum'. It may be divided into three sections or three separate poems, "Maxims I A, B, and C": with B starting 'Forst sceal feosan' on fol. 90a, and C beginning 'Ræd sceal mon secgan...' at fol. 91a.  The author(s) of this poem is unknown. The poem was copied down in the Exeter Book in the latter half of the tenth century. Its original date of composition is unknown, though Leonard Neidorf has recently adduced lexical, metrical, and cultural reasons to believe that the poem was first composed in either the seventh or the eighth century. The maxims in "Maxims I" discuss topics ranging from the afterlife, nature, and the social standing of women. "In the man, martial warlike arts must burgeon; and the woman must excel as one cherished among her people, and be buoyant of mood, keep confidences, be open-heartedly generous with horses and with treasures..."  These maxims are also called gnomes. The idea of gnomic literature dates back to Aristotle, who defined a gnome as "A statement not relating to particulars, as e.g. the character of Iphicrates, but to universals; yet not to all universals indiscriminately, as e.g. that straight is the opposite of crooked, but to all such as are the objects of (human) action and are to be chosen or avoided in our doings". Since the material in "Maxims I" is sententious in its character, it is regarded as gnomic poetry as opposed to a collection of proverbs or merely wise sayings.  "Maxims I" is divided into three sections. The opening section begins with a dialogue in which the writer espouses a wisdom contest found in other Old English texts. The middle section discusses natural phenomena such as frost and the seasons, as well as containing a passage about a man's wife welcoming him home from a long journey. The final section contains a comparison of Woden, the creator of idols, to the god of Christianity, who formed the earth and everything in it. "Woden fashioned idols, the Ruler of all fashioned heaven and the spacious skies". This section also consists of reflections of those who have been exiled, the comfort of song, and the need for courage in daily life.  "Maxims II" Stanley Greenfield and Richard Evert, in their article "Maxims II: Gnome and Poem" characterize the poem "Maxims II" as possessing "a rambling style which covers a great deal of ground, yet never reaches any particular goal". Some view "Maxims II" as being similar to how a compilation of poetry is written and edited. For
Trevor Cilia (born 2 January 1983 in Pietà, Malta) is a professional footballer currently playing for Għargħur, where he plays as a midfielder.  Trevor Cilia was part of the 2009–2010 team for Birkirkara, where Birkirkara were crowned champions of the Maltese Premier League for their third time ever in the club's history.  Playing career Trevor is a Floriana Product whose debut with the 'Greens' was in the Premier League of 2000 at the age of 17. Trevor spent eight successful years with the 'Greens' and, with 135 appearances managed to score 21 goals.  In the Summer Transfer Market of 2008, Trevor was the main target of several main clubs including Birkirkara and it was the 'Stripes' who won Trevor's signature for two years. The 2008–2009 season was not the best for Trevor, as due to his position of retire role of a right back, Trevor could not show off his skills in his favoured position. Although not playing in his favorite position, Trevor still managed to score two goals.  Season 2009–2010 was a special one for Cilia as he was one of the most dangerous strikers of the season. With his daring runs on the wing, Trevor established himself as an important player in the squad. During this season, besides making a good number of assists, he has managed to rank as the 3rd best club scorer with 13 goals. Cilia won his first ever Premier League title in 2010 when, on 5 May he had the joy of lifting the cup for the first time.  In June 2010, 'il-Bazzaz' as he is known among his teammates and numerous fans, extended his stay with Birkirkara by another three years and was the first player to sign the new contract meaning that Trevor shall be wearing the yellow and red shirt, at least until the end of 2012–2013 season.  In 2015, Cilia was signed by Hamrun Spartans F.C.  On 14 September 2019 Għargħur announced, that Cilia had joined the club.  References  External links 
Camp Sizanani was founded as a joint venture between Global Camps Africa, a non-profit headquartered in Reston, Virginia, and HIVSA, a South African foundation that provides care and services to HIV-affected individuals. Operating in the Magaliesburg area in North West Province, South Africa, Camp Sizanani offers multiple camp sessions throughout the year for children aged twelve through nineteen whose lives have been affected by HIV/AIDS. The term HIV-affected can imply that an individual is infected with the virus, but it can also mean that the infection of family members or guardians have impacted the individual's life. While some children at Camp Sizanani are HIV+, many more have been orphaned by a parent's AIDS-related death or have family members coping with the disease. Nearly all of Sizanani's campers come from Soweto, Johannesburg's enormous township, to which many black Africans were relegated during South Africa's apartheid era. The children attend the camp free of charge; they are sponsored by Global Camps Africa and its donors.   Goals Sizanani takes its name from a Zulu word which translates idiomatically to mean "help each other". It is largely modeled on the North American summer camp tradition. Accordingly, its stated goals include fostering independence, self-esteem, cooperative skills, respect for others and awareness of HIV/AIDS and other health issues. This final goal is particularly unique to Sizanani, given the children's backgrounds and the AIDS crisis that continues to grip South Africa.  Curriculum A day at Camp Sizanani would likely include any or all of the following: theatre, dancing, singing, and drumming; swimming; arts & crafts; adventure/teamwork; sports (including cricket, soccer, volleyball, netball, and basketball), yoga; nutrition; and Life Skills. Life Skills is an activity that teaches health awareness, prevention of STDs, sexuality, identifying abusive behaviors, gender bias, empowerment, drugs, crime, alcohol, and male circumcision. It is the single most important segment of the camp.  The 8-day camp (and 4-day staff training period) is followed
Boston Mutual Lyceum was an African American lyceum organization founded in 1833. It included women and had a female vice-president. Two of five managers were also women. The Adelphic Union was an African American literary society in Boston at the same time.  Officers were: Dudley Tidd, president; Joel W. Lewis, 1st vice-president; Sarah H. Annible, 2nd vice-president; Nath
Henry Baigent (1844 – 31 August 1929) was a timber miller, and served as a city councillor and mayor of Nelson, New Zealand. He founded the Nelson firm of H Baigent and Sons Ltd. His funeral was noted as one of the largest that had ever taken place in Nelson.  Family  Henry Baigent was the son of Edward and Mary Ann Baigent (née Hern). His parents had
Marc Ó Sé (born 25 April 1980) is an Irish sportsman. A teacher by profession, he works in the CBS in Tralee County Kerry, he played Gaelic football for the Kerry county team from 2002 until 2016 and played with his local club team An Ghaeltacht until 2018.
Fairway Markets  is a regional grocery chain on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada.  The ten store chain was founded by Don Yuen in 1963 and employs over 700. The chain is a low cost grocery store with a significant emphasis on ethnic foods.
American Wake is the third album by
Krian Darat was a federal
The Rosablanca Formation (, Kir) is a geological formation of the Altiplano Cundiboyacense, Eastern Ranges of the Colombian Andes and the Middle Magdalena Basin. The formation consists of grey limestones, dolomites and shales with at the upper part sandstones. The formation dates to the Early Cretaceous period; Valanginian epoch and has a thickness of  in the valley of the Sogamoso River.  Definition  The formation was first
A kaleidocycle or flextangle is a flexible polyhedron connecting six tetrahedra (or disphenoids) on opposite edges into a cycle. If the faces of the disphenoids are equilateral triangles, it can be constructed from a stretched triangular tiling net with four triangles in one direction and an even number in the other direction.  The kaleidocycle has degenerate pairs of coinciding edges in transition, which function as hinges. The kaleidocycle has an additional property that it can be continuously twisted around a ring axis, showing 4 sets of 6 triangular faces. The kaleidocycle is invariant under twists about its ring axis by , where  is an integer, and can therefore be continuously twisted.  Kaleidocycles can be constructed from a single piece of paper (with dimensions ) without tearing or using adhesive. Because of this and their continuous twisting property, they are often given as examples of simple origami toys. The kaleidocycle is sometimes called a flexahedron in analogy to the planar flexagon, which has similar symmetry under flexing transformations. 
Gymnobela subaraneosa is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.  References Citations  Bibliography   Gofas, S.; Le Renard, J.; Bouchet, P. (2001). Mollusca. in: Costello, M.J. et al. (eds), European Register of Marine Species: a check-list of the marine species in Europe and a bibliography of guides to their identification. Patrimoines Naturels. 50: 180-213.  Sysoev A.V. (2014). Deep-sea fauna of European seas: An annotated species check-list of benthic invertebrates living deeper than 2000 m in the seas bordering Europe. Gastropoda. Invertebrate Zoology. Vol.11. No.1: 134–155  External links  Dautzenberg P. & Fischer H. (1896). Dragages effectués par l'Hirondelle et par la Princesse Alice 1888-1895. 1. Mollusques Gastropodes. Mémoires de la Société Zoologique de France 9: 395-498, pl. 15-22 Bouchet &  Warren, Revision of the North-East Atlantic bathyal and abyssal Turridae (Mollusca, Gastropoda);
The Grupo Poéticas Digitais (Digital Poetics Group) is a multidisciplinary center that promotes the development of experimental projects and the reflection about the impact of the new technologies in the field of arts.  It was
Cyrtonaias is a genus of freshwater mussels, aquatic bivalve mollusks in the family Unionidae.  References  Haag, W. R. (2012). North American Freshwater Mussels:
Hofer Symphoniker (Hof Symphony Orchestra) is a German symphony orchestra based in Hof, Bavaria, Germany. The orchestra began its performing activity in 1945, when Kapellmeister Karl F. Keller founded it as Hofer Konzertorchester.  As a concert orchestra, Hofer Symphoniker gives concerts at Freiheitshalle Hof, an event building and concert hall, as well as at several locations in the region of Upper Franconia. The orchestra worked together with artists like Elīna Garanča, Mojca Erdmann, Julia Fischer, Hilary Hahn, Daniel Hope, Albrecht Mayer, Daniel Müller-Schott, Martin Stadtfeld and Jörg Widmann. The orchestra also performs regularly at Thurn und Taxis Castle Festival in Regensburg with singers like José Carreras, Lucia Aliberti and Jonas Kaufmann.  As a theatre orchestra, Hofer Symphoniker performs at Theater Hof which was newly built in 1994. It is the orchestra's home venue where it plays operas, operettas, musicals and ballets. The theatre also serves as a multi-purpose venue for drama productions and other performances.  In 1978, Hofer Symphoniker opened its own music school, used to train future talents. As such, the Hofer Symphoniker Music School is the only music school in Germany that is attached to a professional symphony orchestra. As a cultural and educational centre, the corporation includes also a Suzuki Academy and an Art School. An important award was the prestigious Echo Klassik Special Prize for youth education in 2010.  Since 2007, the International Violin Competition Henri Marteau, named after the famous violinist and violin teacher Henri Marteau, takes place under the sponsorship of the District of Upper Franconia and is being organized by Hofer Symphoniker every three years in Lichtenberg and Hof.  Conductors Chief conductors of Hofer Symphoniker were:  1945–1950: Karl F. Keller (Kapellmeister)  1950–1955: Karl Friderich  1955–1967: Werner Richter-Reichhelm  1967–1973: Peter Richter de Rangenier  1973–1974: Klaus Volk (temporary)  1974–1979: Lutz Herbig  1979–1980: Jaroslav Opěla (temporary)  1980–1985: Gilbert Varga  1985–1989: Sergio Cárdenas  1989–1996: Hikotaro Yazaki  1997–2001: Golo Berg  from the season 24/25: Martijn Dendievel  From 2001 to 2023, guest conductors lead the orchestra instead of chief conductors. From 2010 to 2016, Swiss conductor Daniel Klajner was "Principal Guest Conductor". Since 2016, Hermann Bäumer is "Conductor in Residence" and will finish this role in 2025 after Martijn Dendievel's first season as chief conductor.Since 2003, Enoch zu Guttenberg is Conductor Laureate.  General managers  1946−1965: August Mayer-Pabst was the orchestra's first general manager. 
Precollection is a 2003 album by Lilys released by Manifesto Records. The album was recorded over two years by the band's only constant member Kurt Heasley with a new line-up of the band, which included producer Mike Musmanno on keyboards. The album was reissued in 2004 on the Rainbow Quartz International label under the title The Lilys, with different sleeve art and three bonus tracks. Lyrical themes include "the acquisition of illegal substances" in the Hunting Park area of Philadelphia on "Will My Lord Be Gardening", which Heasley stated is "about loving someone after they get fucked up, I mean fucked...and that's fucked up," and his relationship with his children ("The Perception Room"). "Will My Lord Be Gardening" was included on the soundtrack of the 2005 film Waiting....  Critical reception  Philadelphia City Paper'''s Brian Howard found "plenty to recommend" but viewed it as "not Heasley's finest". Michael Alan Goldberg of City Pages noted the strong influence of The Kinks (to the extent of stating that the album "frequently finds him appropriating Ray Davies's North London accent"), but goes on to say "at least the Lilys' earnest homage to days gone by demonstrates that there's some honor among magpies and thieves." Heather Phares, writing for AllMusic, called the album "the closest [Heasley]'s come to an original sound in some time", and stated that long-term fans of the band would "probably find the album a breath of fresh air". Amanda Petrusich of Pitchfork Media makes similar observations about the Kinks/Ray Davies similarities, but giving the album a 7.7/10 rating called it "addictively palatable and, occasionally, surprisingly innovative." Glen Sarvady of CMJ New Music Monthly noted Heasley's continuing "U.K. fixation", and identified Julian Cope as an influence, as did Jeff Terich of Treble, who also saw an influence from Echo & the Bunnymen. Robert Hickey, writing for PopMatters called it "a rare misstep for Lilys" and identified an influence from "late-'80s UK indie-rock", while Kathleen Wilson of The Stranger called it "an absolute gem that shines with variety." Linda Laban of the Boston Herald'' described the album as "filled with sonically muted, melody-drenched, scenic songs that drive the cognitive senses as keenly as they move the hips."  Track listing  Precollection "Precollection" (Heasley) 3:42 "Melusina" (Heasley) 4:16 "Will My Lord Be Gardening" (Heasley) 3:35 "Mystery School Assembly" (Heasley) 4:53 "Squares" (Heasley) 3:01 "Catherine (let a positive stream...)"
Seán Lester (28 September 1888 – 13 June 1959) was an Irish diplomat who was the last secretary-general of the League of Nations from 31 August 1940 to 18 April 1946.  Early life He was born in County Antrim, the son of a Protestant grocer. Although the town of Carrickfergus, where he was born and raised, was strongly Unionist, he joined the Gaelic League as a youth and was won over to the cause of Irish nationalism. As a young man, he joined the Irish Republican Brotherhood. He worked as a journalist for the North Down Herald and a number of other northern papers before he moved to Dublin, where he found a job at the Freeman's Journal. By 1919, he had risen to its news editor.  After the Irish War of Independence, a number of his friends joined the new government of the Irish Free State. Lester was offered and accepted the position as director of publicity.  He married Elizabeth Ruth Tyrrell in 1920 by whom he had three daughters.  Diplomatic career In 1923, he joined Ireland's Department of External Affairs. He was sent to Geneva in 1929 to replace Michael MacWhite as Ireland's Permanent Delegate to the League of Nations. In 1930, he succeeded in organising Ireland's election to the Council (or executive body) of the League of Nations for a three years. Lester often represented Ireland at Council meetings and stood in for the Minister for External Affairs. He became increasingly involved in the work of the League, particularly in its attempts to bring a resolution to two wars in South America. His work brought him to the attention of the League Secretariat and began his transformation from national to international civil servant.  When Peru and Colombia had a dispute over a town in the headwaters of the Amazon, Lester presided over the committee that found an equitable solution. He also presided over the less-successful committee when Bolivia and Paraguay went to war over the Gran Chaco.  In 1933, Lester was seconded to the League's Secretariat and sent to Danzig (now Gdańsk, Poland), as the League of Nations' High Commissioner from 1934 to 1937. The Free City of Danzig was the scene of an emerging international crisis between Nazi Germany and the international community over the issue of the Polish Corridor and the Free City's relationship with the Third Reich. Lester repeatedly protested to the German government over its persecution and discrimination of Jews and warned the League of the looming disaster for Europe. He was boycotted by the representatives of the German Reich and the representatives of the Nazi Party in Danzig.  In August 2010, a room in the Gdansk City Hall, the building that had been Lester's residence during his stay, was renamed by Mayor Paweł Adamowicz as the Seán Lester Room.  League of Nations Lester returned to Geneva in 1937 to become Deputy Secretary General of the League of Nations. In 1940, he became Secretary General of the body, but the League now had only 100 employees, including guards and janitors, of the original 700.  Lester remained in Geneva throughout the war and kept the League's technical and humanitarian programs in limited operation for the duration of the war. In 1946, he oversaw the League's closure and turned over the League's assets and functions to the newly-established United Nations.  Later years Lester was given the Woodrow Wilson Award in 1945 and a doctorate of the National University of Ireland in 1948.  Despite rumours that he would be prepared to stand for election as President of Ireland, Lester sought no permanent office and retired to Recess, County Galway, in the west of Ireland, where he died in 1959. In its obituary, The Times described Lester as an "international conciliator and courageous friend of refugees".   His granddaughter Susan Denham was Chief Justice of Ireland for the Supreme Court of Ireland from 2011 to 2017.  References  Biographies Stephen Ashworth Barcroft: The international civil servant: the League of Nations career of Sean Lester, 1929–1947; Dublin 1973 Douglas Gageby: The last secretary general: Sean Lester and the League of Nations; Dublin 1999;  Arthur W. Rovine: The first fifty years: the secretary-general in world politics 1920–1970; Leyden 1970;  Michael Kennedy: Ireland and the League of Nations 1919–1946: politics, diplomacy and international relations; Dublin 1996 Paul McNamara: Sean Lester, Poland and the Nazi Takeover of Danzig; Irish Academic Press Ltd 2008;  External links Biography Nation Builders: Sean Lester biographical article
Aaron Jarvis (born 20 May 1986) is a former Wales international rugby union player. A prop forward he had previously played for the Dragons, ASM Clermont Auvergne, Ospreys and Bath. He is the assistant coach for the Dallas Jackals in the Major League Rugby (MLR).  In February 2011, it was announced that Jarvis had signed for
Alexandria (on the) Hyphasis was the name of the fortress on the west bank of the Hyphasis (Beas) river at which Alexander the Great stopped on 31 Aug 326 BCE in the course of his Indian campaign. It was on the eastern border of Alexander's empire. Today, it is near Amritsar, part of Punjab, India.  Alexander's army, exhausted, homesick, and anxious by the prospects of having to further face large Indian armies throughout the Indo-Gangetic Plain, mutinied at the Hyphasis river and refused to march further east. Alexander, after a meeting with his officer, Coenus, and after hearing about the lament of his soldiers, eventually relented, being convinced that it was better to return.  Notes  Former populated places in India Bactrian and Indian Hellenistic period Tells (archaeology) Cities founded by Alexander the
Jéssica Rojas Sales (born 28 November 1980) is a Brazilian politician as well as a medic and gynocologist. She has spent his political career representing Acre, having served as federal deputy representative of Acre since 2015.  Personal life Sales comes from a political family, being the daughter of the former mayor of Cruzeiro do Sul, Vagner Sales, and former congresswoman Antonia Sales. Before becoming a politician, sales worked as a medic, more specifically a gynecologist.  Political career In the 2014 Brazilian general election Sales was elected to the Federal Chamber of Deputies with 20,339. She was the fifth most voted for candidate from Acre in the election.  Sales voted in favor of the impeachment motion of then-president Dilma Rousseff. She voted in favor of tax reforms and the 2017 Brazilian labor reform, and voted against opening a corruption investigation into Rousseff's successor Michel Temer.  References  1980 births Living people People from Cruzeiro do Sul, Acre Women gynaecologists Brazilian Democratic Movement politicians Members
, often referred as BuriMyu, are a series of rock musicals produced by Studio Pierrot and Nelke Planning. The musicals are based on Tite Kubo's manga Bleach. The Rock Musical Bleach consists of live performances that follow the manga plotline from the Soul Society arc and The Live Bankai shows with the original script. The first musical was directed by Takuya Hiramitsu, with a script adaptation by Naoshi Okumura. The music is completely original and was written by Shoichi Tama. The premiere was held in Space Zero Hall in Shinjuku, Tokyo from August 17–28, 2005.  Synopsis The story follows the life of high school student Ichigo Kurosaki after he obtains a Soul Reaper powers from another Soul Reaper, Rukia Kuchiki. For transferring her Soul Reaper powers to a human, Rukia Kuchiki was sent back to the Soul Society and sentenced to death. In order to save Rukia from execution, Ichigo along with his friends goes to the enemy territory where he engages the members of Gotei 13, the main military force in the Soul Society.  Productions  Rock Musical Bleach The musical was first produced under the direction of Takuya Hiramitsu at Space Zero Hall in Shinjuku, Tokyo and opened officially on August 17, 2005. The script was adapted by Naoshi Okumura and music was originally produced by Shoichi Tama. The main role of Ichigo Kurosaki went to Tatsuya Isaka. The role of Rukia Kuchiki was played by Miki Satō. Rei Yoshii portrayed Orihime Inoue and Naofumi Yoshida played the role of Yasutora Sado. The show was performed until August 28, 2005.  Saien The second musical was performed under name "Saien" and it was officially premiered at Meil Park Hall in Osaka on January 5, 2006. The Tokyo premiere of "Saien" was held at Nippon Seinenkan Great Hall on January 14, 2006. The production added the new cast member for the show, Eiki Kitamura to play a role of Izuru Kira.  The Dark of the Bleeding Moon The third Rock Musical Bleach was opened at Miel Park Hall in Osaka under name "The Dark of the Bleeding Moon" on August 10, 2006. In Tokyo, the musical was held at Nippon Seinenkan Great Hall on August 16, 2006. The show added Kumiko Saito to portray Yoruichi Shihōin. The production also added Kohei Murakami to portray Hanatarō Yamada, Harumi Inoue to play Rangiku Matsumoto, Shogo Suzuki to play Kenpachi Zaraki, and Takuya Usui to play Ikkaku Madarame. Yousuke Ito, Rei Yoshii and Naofumi Yoshida were removed from the original cast member list.  No Clouds in the Blue Heavens "No Clouds in the Blue Heavens" is a sequel of previous musical and it focuses on Rukia's execution. The performance was held at Nippon Seinenkan Great Hall in Tokyo on March 21, 2007, following the next premiere at Hyōgo Theater on April 3, 2007. The show features new cast members and new songs. Asuka Sekine, Hiroko Kasahara and Masahiro Kuranuki were added to the cast.  The All The closing musical "The All" was held at Shinjuku Koma Theater on March 24, 2008. The show is the part of "Rock Musical Bleach DX" performance and it features the complete Soul Society arc storyline from Bleach manga along with the main actors.  The Live Bankai Show "The Live Bankai Shows" are musicals with original script and they don't follow the manga plotline. The first "Live Bankai Show Code 001" was held at Aoyama Theater in Tokyo on January 10, 2007. The next one, "Code 002" was opened at Shinjuku Koma Theater on March 24, 2008 as a part of "Rock Musical Bleach DX" show. In 2010, the third show "Code 003", was performed across the country starting at Momochi Palace in Fukuoka, following the performance at Theater Brava in Osaka and closing show at Nippon Seinenkan Great Hall in Tokyo. The shows features new songs and new cast members. Naoya Gomoto was added to portray Shūhei Hisagi while Kengo Ohkuchi didn't perform his role of Sōsuke Aizen in the third show.  Shinsei 2011 and 2012 Celebrating the Bleach manga 10th anniversary a new production under name "Shinsei" was opened in July 2011. The tour ran nationwide in six different cities. The show featured a new set of cast members along with the new script and music. The leading role of Ichigo Kurosaki was portrayed by Norizuki Kouhei. Miki Satō reprised her role of Rukia Kuchiki.  The musical was reprised at Shinagawa Stellar Ball in Tokyo on August 9, 2012. The "Shinsei 2012" performance featured the original set of cast members with addition of Oyama Masashi who portrayed Urahara Kisuke.  Another Above Ground Celebrating the 15th anniversary of Bleach, a new production of Rock Musical Bleach was revealed in May 2016. The play was based on "The All" which was held in 2008 and the story covered the "Soul Society" Arc from the series. The musical debuted in AiiA 2.5 Theater Tokyo and ran from July 28 until August 7, 2016 before continuing their run from August 24–28, 2016 at the Kyoto Gekijō. The play was directed and written by Tsutsumi Yasuyuki who previously worked on several One Piece projects.  Musical numbers   Act I  "Bleach" (Overture)  "Kanarazu Mitsuke Dasu" – Ichigo, Orihime and Chad  "Magakoro" – Orihime  "Taisetsuna Koto" – Ichigo, Rukia and Renji  "Mezameta Chikara" – Urahara  "Chad's Song" – Chad and his grandfather  "Orihime's Song" – Orihime  "Taikyo" – Chad and Orihime  "Chiisana Yasuragi" – Rukia  "Zabimaru" – Ichigo and Rukia  "Kanarazu Mitsuke Dasu ~ Owaranai Tatakai" – Ichigo and Rukia   Act II  "Death Song" – Urahara  "Kimi ga Mienai" - Hitsugaya  "Soukonka" - Byakuya  "Ai Tooku" - Aizen and Momo  "Explosion" - Renji  "Hallelujah! Goodbye! ~ Death Song Reprise"  "Rukongai no Kioku" - Rukia and Renji  "Shinjitsu no Yukue" - Ichimaru  "Ugomeku Taishi"
Bishop's Stortford Hockey Club is a field hockey club in the town of Bishop's Stortford, Hertfordshire, England. The club plays in the East Region Hockey Association. The home ground is located at The Hertfordshire and Essex High School, where both the clubhouse and pitch are located.  The club has 800 active members and fields a total of sixteen senior sides, seven men's and nine ladies' playing in the East Hockey Leagues. The Men's 1st XI play in the East Men's Premier Division and the Ladies 1st XI play in the East Women's Premier Division.  Bishop’s Stortford Hockey Club has been reaccredited for another 3 years (2022-2025) as a ClubMark club (Sport England), making the club one of a select number across England to achieve the England Hockey ClubMark status.  History  The club formed in 1948 and games were played at Cricket Field Lane, Hockerill Anglo-European College and Sawbridgeworth. The club barely raised a team in the early days, players relied on getting to away fixtures by train and taxi due to the lack of motorcars after World War II. In 1969 the club was elected to the Hertfordshire County League and the East Central League in 1972. Promotion to the East Region Hockey Association was gained in 1975.  The club had a number of successes over the years including County Champions in 1974, 1981 and 1986, East runners-up in 1982 and H.A. Cup quarter finalists in 1982 and 1986. Later successes include the integration of the Ladies Hockey Club and partnership in 1993 with Hockerill Anglo-European College.  In 2019 Bishop’s Stortford Hockey Club moved from Cricket Field Lane to The Hertfordshire and Essex High School, where a state of the art pitch and clubhouse overlooking the pitch with floor to ceiling windows and a balcony was built. The project has been a collaborative one, with funding coming from a variety of bodies and institutions including the Department for Education, Hertfordshire County Council, East Herts District Council, Sport England, Bishop's Stortford Judo Club, Bishop's Stortford Hockey Club as well as staff, students, parents, friends and families.  Senior Section
The PMI Colleges Bohol is a private, non-sectarian, co-educational institution of higher learning in Tagbilaran City, Bohol, Philippines and is  part of the PMI Colleges system. It offers marine courses such as Marine Transportation, Marine Engineering and Customs Administration. With its main building at Carlos P. Garcia Avenue, it has an extension campus at Tomas Cloma Avenue, Barangay Taloto, Tagbilaran City.
Mieming () is a municipality in the Imst district and is located 19 km east of Imst and 6 km west of Telfs. Main sources of income are agriculture and Summer tourism.  Population  References  External
Colette Dowling (born c. 1938) is an American writer best known for her 1981 book The Cinderella Complex: Women's Hidden Fear of Independence, which was a New York Times best-seller. She has a psychotherapy practice in New York.  Bibliography The Skin Game, 1971 How to Love a Member of the Opposite Sex: a Memoir, 1976 The Cinderella Complex: Women's Hidden Fear of Independence, 1981 Perfect Women: Hidden Fears of Inadequacy and the Drive to Perform, 1988 You Mean I Don't Have to
White Ladies is a 1935 novel by the British writer Francis Brett Young. The granddaughter of a wealthy tycoon and his well-bred wife becomes obsessed with recovering the family estate, the Elizabethan manor house named White Ladies. Like many of the author's Mercian novels, much of the novel is set in Worcestershire.  References  Bibliography  Cannadine, David. In
The Taunton Green Historic District encompasses the core area of the historic 19th-century commercial downtown business district of Taunton, Massachusetts.  It is centered on the town green, laid out in the 1740s, and now stands at the intersection of U.S. Route 44 and State routes 140 and 138.  The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.  History The early commercial center of the city of Taunton was southeast of the present center, at the confluence of the Taunton and Mill Rivers.  In the 18th century early industry in the form of sawmills and gristmills developed on the Mill River.  The Taunton Green was given to the town in 1743 as a militia training ground, and it is also where an early meetinghouse was built.  Originally  in size, it is now much reduced by the surrounding development.  Early commercial buildings were mostly of wood-frame construction, of which a few survive.  Taunton Green has historically the gathering place for troops headed to war. Monuments stand on the Green to honor soldiers of all the wars in which local citizens have participated.  "Tauntonians" gathered on the Green on October 21, 1774, to raise the Taunton Flag with its distinctive "Liberty and Union" motto. The flag was hoisted on a 112-foot liberty pole in defiance of King George III. The flag flies on the Green to the present day.  A fire in 1859 destroyed many buildings east of the green, and inaugurated more significant growth of brick buildings in the following decades.  Since 1914 the Green has been the site of the city's annual holiday light display which attracts visitors from throughout the area, giving Taunton the nickname of
Padang Jawa is a kampung and a suburb of Shah Alam,
The Hindu Ghosi also known as Ghosi Thakur is a sub caste of the Hindu Ahir (Yadav) caste in the Indian states of Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh & Bihar. They are divided into various clans (section) and lineages.  Origin & History  They claim descent from Nanda, the foster father of Lord Krishna. They also claim their importance saying that the sacred texts have mentioned them under the name of Ghosas. The term Ghosa refers to a settlement of the Abhira people or a temporary encampment of cowherds, which was the occupation of those people. Haihaya Vetala Talajangha Vitihotra established the Abhira Ghosha Pradyota Dynasty. During British Era, they owned many zamindaris like the Rupdhani Estate Of Etah, Uttar Pradesh.  Colonial description  The largest subdivisions of Yaduvansh in Braj-Ahirwal area are the Ghosi, Kamariya, Phataks and Nandvanshis. However today they all recognise themselves to be Yaduvanshi or Krishnavanshi Yadavs.  In the
Dudua aprobola, the mango flower webworm or litchi leaf roller, is a moth of the family Tortricidae. The species was first described by Edward Meyrick in 1886. It is a pest on several economically important crops.  Distribution It is found in Taiwan, Japan, the Seychelles, Nepal, India, the Chagos Archipelago, Sri Lanka, the Maldives, Myanmar, Vietnam, Thailand, western Malaysia, Sumatra, Java, Bali, Brunei, Kalimantan, the Philippines, Sulawesi, Buru, Ambon, New Guinea, the D'Entrecasteaux Islands, Australia, the Admiralty Islands, New Ireland, the Caroline Islands, the Gilbert Islands, Fiji, Tonga, Samoa, Réunion, Malawi and Rwanda.  Description Adult wingspan is about 19 mm. The female lays eggs between veins on the undersides of leaves of the food plant. The caterpillar is translucent yellowish green. First two pairs
The Philippines has participated at the
is a generic term for pictures of beautiful women () in Japanese art, especially in woodblock printing of the ukiyo-e genre.  Definition   defines  as a picture that simply "emphasizes the beauty of women", and the Shincho Encyclopedia of World Art defines it as depiction of "the beauty of a woman's appearance". On the other hand,  defines  as pictures that explore "the inner beauty of women". For this reason, the essence of  cannot always be expressed only through the depiction of a , a woman aligning with the beauty image. In fact, in ukiyo-e , it was not considered important that the picture resemble the facial features of the model, and the depiction of women in ukiyo-e  is stylized rather than an attempt to create a realistic
Raimundo Roberto Morhy Barbosa (born 27 February 1955 in Belém , Pará ) is a Brazilian Lambada singer and composer.  Life  Beto Barbosa comes from a Lebanese family and began a musical career in his hometown Belém. His first big successes took place after his move to Fortaleza, Ceará, where he also participated in political campaigns.  In the 1980s Beto Barbosa became famous with his piece "Adocica" and thus founded together with the band Kaoma the Lambada boom. During his career he won numerous awards and accolades, including, as the only singer from northern Brazil, the coveted Troféu Imprensa as the best singer. To date he has recorded 22 albums and sold 6 million records. His musical idols were the Brazilian singer Roberto Carlos and Elvis Presley. Privately, he had to endure several blows: His 28-year-old daughter died in 2010 from an unknown bacterial infection and years later he was diagnosed with cancer.  In 2022, he performed cosplayed as a boto in the reality singing competition The Masked Singer Brasil.  Covers  "Embalo Trilegal" was covered by the Dominican band Los Hermanos Rosario as "Esa Morena".  "Mar de Emoções" was covered by the Colombian band Afrosound in their album Mar de Emociones.  Discography   Atos e Fatos (1985)  Símbolo Perfeito (1987)  Adocica (1988)  Preta (1990)  Dona (1991)  Cigana do Amor (1992)  Neguinha (1993)  Ritmos (1994)  Navegar (1995)  Dança do Mel (1996)  Beijo Selvagem (1997)  Girando no Salão (1998)  Ao Vivo – Dance e Balance (1999)  Dance e Balance com o Beto Barbosa (2000)  Forroneirando (2000)  Claridade (2001)  Grandes Sucessos e Inéditas (2002)  Balada: Uma Explosão de Alegria (2003)  Overdose de Amor (2005)  Só as Melhores (2008)  References  Living people 1955 births 20th-century Brazilian male singers 20th-century Brazilian singers Brazilian composers Brazilian
In Greek mythology, Erodius () is the son of Autonous (son of Melaneus) and Hippodamia. He
Hennepin County Government Center is the courthouse and primary county government administration building for Hennepin County in the U.S. state of Minnesota. It is located in downtown Minneapolis, the county seat of Hennepin County. Before its construction, the Hennepin County government offices were housed in the Minneapolis City Hall-Hennepin County Courthouse. The building was opened in 1974 and occupied in stages in 1975.  Building The building
Jim O'Heir (born February 4, 1962) is an American actor and comedian. He is best known for portraying Jerry Gergich on the NBC sitcom Parks and Recreation.  O'Heir first became active in Chicago theater and improv during the late 1980s and early 1990s as part of the comedic theater troupe "White Noise", and appeared in such plays as The Book of Blanche, Stumpy's Gang and Ad-Nauseam with the group. O'Heir has appeared in several films and made guest appearances on such shows as Friends, Boston Legal, Malcolm in the Middle, Star Trek: Voyager, 3rd Rock from the Sun, ER, Parenthood, Brooklyn Nine-Nine, and Better Call Saul.  In 2000, he starred in the Comedy Central series Strip Mall as Harvey Krudup, the husband of protagonist Tammi Tyler, who was played by Julie Brown.  Early life and education O'Heir was born in Chicago, and is a graduate of the Thornton Fractional South High School in Lansing, Illinois, and of Loyola University Chicago.  Career  Theatre O'Heir was active in the Chicago theater during the late 1980s and early 1990s, training and performing improvisational comedy at Chicago's Second City and as a member of the six-person sketch comedy troupe "White Noise", which formed in 1987. The group wrote and produced comedic plays that often employed bizarre humor or black comedy. Starting in November 1988, O'Heir appeared in White Noise's production of The Book of Blanche, about a woman who falls through a television screen and ends up in a fantasy world influenced by various television show genres. In July 1989, O'Heir appeared in the Chicago premiere of the Tom Griffin play The Boys Next Door at the Edgewater Theatre Center. O'Heir played Norman Bulansky, a childlike middle-aged mentally handicapped man who works at a doughnut shop.  Starting in 1990, O'Heir appeared in White Noise's Stumpy's Gang, a one-act black comedy play by Patrick Cannon. The show played at Stage Left and Strawdog Theatres in Chicago, where it developed a cult following. O'Heir played Frank Bubman, the janitor for a genetics laboratory whose job is to destroy the unsuccessful experiments, which are portrayed by puppets. Frank secretly uses the experiments to stage private shows reminiscent of early television programs. Mary Shen Barnidge of the Chicago Reader said of his performance, "The grotesquely ursine Jim O'Heir adds a new dimension to the role of the enfant terrible with his uninhibited and enthusiastic portrayal of Frank, who will break your heart even as he turns your stomach." Ernest Tucker of the Chicago Sun-Times described O'Heir's performance as very funny and "unforgettable", and said he "held together this funny yet sick apocalyptic fantasy". Stumpy's Gang closed in the fall of 1991. Also with White Noise, O'Heir appeared in the play Ad-Nauseam, about a pair of writers who create an ad campaign about a character named Rim Shot, played by O'Heir. Rim Shot, dressed as a gladiator costume made up of bristle brushes and toilet detritus.  In 2005, O'Heir played the inmate Dale Harding in Dale Wasserman's stage adaption of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest at The Theatre District in Hollywood, California. Backstage writer Terri Roberts said O'Heir stood out among the show's cast.  Film O'Heir appeared in the 1996 baseball comedy film Ed and 1998 fantasy television film Harvey. He also appeared in the 2007 family drama film Welcome to Paradise!!!. O'Heir played Hathaway in the 2016 film, Range 15.  In 2020, Variety announced O'Heir was joining the cast of the Chris Blake quarantine comedy, Distancing Socially. The film was shot at the height of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, using remote technologies and the iPhone 11. The film was acquired and released by Cinedigm in October 2021.  Television  O'Heir has appeared in several television shows since the 1990s and 2000s, including 3rd Rock from the Sun, Malcolm in the Middle, Just Shoot Me, Star Trek: Voyager, Suite Life of Zack and Cody and ER. Starting in 2000, O'Heir starred in a regular role in the Comedy Central series Strip Mall as Harvey Krudup, the unattractive husband of protagonist Tammi Tyler, who was played by Julie Brown. The character is the owner of the Starbrite Cleaners business, and Tammi marries him under the false assumption that he is rich. After learning Harvey is not wealthy, Tammi makes numerous attempts to have him murdered.  In November 2003, he made a guest appearance in the tenth season episode of Friends, "The One With the Birth Mother", where he played the manager of an adoption agency. On November 28, 2004, he appeared
José Bullejos y Sánchez (7 December 1899 – 25 March 1974) was a Spanish communist politician.  He served as the second General Secretary of the Communist Party of Spain from 1925 to 1932.  Early life and political activities  Bullejos earned a university law degree.  Gaining a job as a postal clerk in Bilbao he joined in the postal strike of 1918-19 and joined the Unión General de Trabajadores (UGT) trade union. He also participated in the original Spanish Communist Party formed in 1920 and remained with the party after it merged with another communist organization, the Spanish Communist Workers' Party, in 1921 (forming the new Communist Party of Spain or PCE).  Heading the party's Vizcayan section, he advanced to the leadership position upon the arrest of the first general secretary, Antonio García Quejido, in January 1925.  Bullejos would continue to hold the top post for nearly eight years.  General secretary
(born May 4, 1982) is a Japanese Nordic combined skier who has been competing since 2000. He won a gold medal in the 4 x 5 km team event at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec and earned his best individual finish of fifth in the 10 km individual normal hill at those same championships.  Kobayashi also competed in three Winter Olympics, earning his
