173
Hicaz Buselik Jewish Kanto (,) is a Greek, Jewish
David Lesley Schultz (June 6, 1959 – January 26, 1996) was an American Olympic and World champion freestyle wrestler, and a seven-time World and Olympic medalist. He coached individuals and teams at the college level and also privately.  Dave and his brother, wrestler Mark Schultz, both won gold at the same Olympics (1984). The Schultzes were one of three sets of brothers (the others are Buvaisar and Adam Saitiev, and Anatoli and Sergei Beloglazov) to win both World and Olympic championships. The Schultz brothers won more NCAA, U.S. Open, World, and Olympic titles than any other American brother combination in history.  Schultz was employed as a coach by John du Pont, a multimillionaire philanthropist who sponsored the private Foxcatcher wrestling team at an amateur sports center known as Foxcatcher Farm that he set up on his estate in Pennsylvania. In January 1996, the mentally ill du Pont murdered Schultz.  Early life David Lesley Schultz was born in Palo Alto, California, to Dorothy Jean St. Germain (née Rich) and Phillip Gary Schultz. He was the brother of Mark Schultz, and two half-siblings – Michael and Seana. Schultz is of half Belarusian-Jewish and half British/Irish/French/German descent. His paternal grandparents were Estelle (Bernstein), the daughter of a prominent paper company executive, and Maxwell L. Schultz, a business consultant. His maternal grandparents were Dorothy (Starks), a radiologist who graduated from Stanford Medical School #1 in her class, and Willis Rich, a Stanford ichthyology professor, inventor of the salmon ladder and discoverer of the "home stream theory" that salmon return to the rivers where they were born in order to spawn before they die. He said in a video that he was a Christian by faith.  As a young child, Dave was overweight (nicknamed "Pudge"), and was often bullied at school by classmates for his weight and appearance. He also had dyslexia, which many of his teachers mistook for mental disabilities.  Schultz began wrestling in junior high school at David Starr Jordan Middle School in Palo Alto coached by Robert Hoskins. In 1977 as a senior at Palo Alto High School, he became state champion. That year he also won both his first national and international wrestling titles. As a high school senior he pinned 2-time NCAA champion and NCAA "Outstanding Wrestler" Chuck Yagla at the Great Plains Championships. His brother Mark started competing in sports in gymnastics, winning the Northern California All-Around Gymnastics Championships in his age group. In his junior year he switched to wrestling, and in his senior year won state.  Wrestling career  High school career  Schultz's high school wrestling records included winning first place in the prestigious Great Plains freestyle tournament, which qualified him to compete on his first U.S. international team in the Tbilisi Tournament in then-Soviet Georgia. The Tbilisi Tournament is considered by many experts in the wrestling community to be the "toughest tournament in the world." Schultz earned a silver medal and was the highest-placing American at the tournament. Due to the timing of Tbilisi, Schultz was not able to compete in the high school tournaments that were required to qualify for the California State Championships, but his coach Ed Hart successfully petitioned the state coaches association to allow him to compete. Wrestling two weight classes above his normal division, Schultz pinned all his opponents in the state championships but the last, whom he defeated 12–1 in the final match. Later that year he won his first national title by winning the U.S. National Open Greco-Roman Championships and won the award for most falls in the least amount of time. Schultz's senior year is considered by most experts as the most successful senior year in U.S. high school wrestling history. 
Jack Erik Kjuus (18 January 1927 – 12 January 2009) was a Norwegian far-right politician of the former White Electoral Alliance who was convicted of racism in 1997. The party Kjuus led was a merger between two anti-immigrant parties, Stop the Immigration and Hjelp de fremmede hjem ellers mister vi landet vårt ("Help the Foreigners Back Home or We Will Lose Our Country").  Stop Immigration Kjuus was born on the 18th of January 1927 in Oslo and founded the political party Stop the Immigration in 1987. The party was formally registered on 27 April 1988, after having successfully collected the required 3,000 signatures. The first election it contested was the 1989 parliamentary election, where the party received 0.3% of the votes, and thus no parliamentary representation.  Racism case In 1995 the anti-immigrant White Electoral Alliance distributed fliers with a party program which among other things called for the forced sterilization of adoptive children from foreign cultures, and sterilization or deportation of the foreign element in a mixed relationship, as well as any children resulting from such relationships.  In February 1997, the city court in Oslo convicted Kjuus of violating the criminal law §135a which outlaws hateful remarks due to things like skin color. Kjuus was given a 60-day suspended jail sentence and fined 20000 Norwegian kroner.  Supreme Court Kjuus appealed the case directly to the Supreme Court of Norway who heard the appeal in November 1997. The chief justice Carsten Smith decided that the appeal would be heard with the entire Supreme Court since the case touched upon important questions of principle. Of the nineteen justices on the court, seventeen handled the case. Georg Fredrik Rieber-Mohn was recused from the case since he was formerly the prosecuting attorney who had charged Kjuus while Lars Oftedal Broch was absent due to illness.  The argument from the defense was that the verdict violated Kjuus' right to free speech (constitutionally protected by §100 in the Norwegian Constitution). Kjuus's attorney John I. Henriksen also argued that the party program did not target any specific ethnic group, and that since Kjuus's party was without any political power, any threats arising from the party program were completely abstract.  The appeal was rejected after only five of the seventeen justices voted for acquittal, while twelve voted to uphold the sentence. In fact, the Supreme Court went further, and convicted Kjuus based on all the points the prosecutor had argued were in violation of §135a. In the city court, Kjuus was only convicted for the part about adoptive children, in the Supreme Court he was also convicted due to the points on foreigners in general.  In the majority opinion authored by Karenanne Gussgard, the court opined that the party program called for ethnic cleansing, and that it involved "extreme infringements of integrity". The dissenting opinion for acquittal was authored by Ketil Lund and supported by four other justices including chief justice Carsten Smith. The dissent agreed that the program was reprehensible, but argued that the free speech protections afforded by the constitutions §100 should have been given greater weight.  Reactions to the verdict were mixed, the majority of the Norwegian press, opposed the conviction, and editorials in Aftenposten, DagbladetDagbladet and Verdens Gang all argued that reprehensible opinions ought to be met with arguments in open fora instead of with the criminal justice system. Nils Øy of the Association of Norwegian Editors called the verdict a blow against free speech. Among the supporters of the verdict was Per Edgar Kokkvold of the Norwegian Press Association who argued that the party program went beyond racist speech and was a plan for ethnic cleansing, and that a line had to be drawn between free speech on the one hand and threats and harassment of minorities on the other. The society for the adopted expressed relief that the basis for the verdict had been expanded.  European Court of Human Rights Kjuus brought his case to the European Court of Human Rights arguing
Kochiomyces is a genus of fungi
Second Chance Motorsports may refer to either of two motorsports teams: 2nd Chance Motorsports
Beef is a 2003 American documentary film directed by Peter Spirer about the history of hip-hop feuds. Produced by Peter Spirer, Casey Suchan and Denis Henry Hennelly and executive produced by Quincy Jones III (QD3), the film was written by Peter Alton and Spirer, and narrated by actor Ving Rhames.  Content Beef takes a chronological look at battles (some friendly, but many personal) dating back to rap music's infancy in the early 1980s. The notable rivalries discussed include KRS-One vs. MC Shan, Kool Moe Dee vs. Busy Bee, 50 Cent vs. Murder Inc Records, Tru Life vs. Mobb Deep, Common vs. Ice Cube & Westside Connection, the break-up of legendary group N.W.A,
Stephen Albert Michael (born 15 March 1956) is a former Australian rules footballer. More recently, Stephen is the patron of the Stephen Michael Foundation, supporting disengaged, at-risk and disadvantaged youth across Western Australia.  Playing career A Noongar Aboriginal man, Michael played in the WAFL between 1975 and 1985 with the South Fremantle Football Club, playing 243 games and kicking 231 goals.  He played in South's 1980 premiership side and was appointed captain in 1983.  He holds the WAFL record for the most consecutive league games with 217.  Throughout his career, Michael resisted numerous advances by VFL clubs to move east and is often listed as one of the best players
Stamatios (Stamos) Kapsas (), known as Kapetan Chapsas (Καπετάν Χάψας), was a chieftain of the Greek Revolution of 1821 from Chalkidiki.  Biography  Stamatios Kapsas was born in the village of Pazarakia (now Kryopigi, Chalkidiki) in the late 18th century. At an early age he moved to Sykia to find work, but quickly came into conflict with the local Ottoman authorities, and became a klepht active in the region of Sithonia, Mount Cholomon, and the Chasikochoria (modern Polygyros area).  By the time of the outbreak of the Greek War of Independence in 1821, he was serdar (watchman) of the central administrative body of the monasteries of Mount Athos at Karyes. On 23 March 1821, with the aid of ship captains from Psara and Ainos, Emmanouil Pappas landed on Athos with guns and ammunition. After meeting with Kapsas, they began forming an army. Supported by the Metropolitan of Maroneia Konstantios, they gathered 1,000 armed monks, while Kapsas roamed Chalkidiki, where he enjoyed great prestige due to his activity as a klepht, to rally more men to their cause. The men he gathered came mostly from the Sithonia and Kassandra peninsulas and the Chasikochoria, especially from Sykia. Kapsas' army quickly swelled to 2,000 men. The Ottomans, disquieted by the rapid spread of the revolt, launched pogroms against the Greek populace in Thessaloniki and its vicinity, thereby leading to the spread of the revolt with uprisings occurring throughout the modern Thessaloniki and Serres prefectures. In view of these developments, on 17 May Pappas officially proclaimed
John Michael Kumleben (26 May 1933 – 21 June 2014) was a South African cricketer who played first-class cricket for Oxford University and Orange Free State between 1956 and 1961.   John Kumleben attended Michaelhouse and the University of Cape Town before going on to University College, Oxford, where he studied law. He won a hockey blue at Oxford, but although he played several matches for the university cricket team he did not win a cricket blue. His highest score was 100, made out of a team total
Goundou is a village in the Coalla Department of
The following is a complete list of first-round draft picks selected by the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League. The Lions began participating in the Canadian College Draft in 1956 when western teams were permitted to make selections. From 1960-1962, only eastern teams and the Calgary Stampeders participated in the draft as the other western clubs signed players from universities in their area. This list also includes all territorial exemptions from 1973,
The Bank of Mongolia, or Mongolbank (), is the central bank of Mongolia. The main objective of the Bank of Mongolia is to ensure stability of the Mongolian tögrög.  Within its main objective the Bank of Mongolia promotes balanced and sustained development of the national economy, through maintaining the stability of money, financial markets and the banking system.  History A joint Mongolian-Russian bank, called the "Trade and Industry Bank of Mongolia"
Masahiro Sakata (born 25 August 1962) is a Japanese rower. He competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics and the 1992 Summer Olympics.  References  1962 births Living people Japanese male rowers Olympic rowers for Japan Rowers at the 1988 Summer Olympics Rowers at the 1992 Summer Olympics Place of birth missing (living people) Asian Games medalists in rowing
A food swamp is an urban environment with few grocery stores but several non-nutritious food options such as corner stores or fast-food restaurants. One definition gives a general ratio of four unhealthy options for each healthy option. The term was first coined by researchers conducting longitudinal studies of the link between increased access to grocery stores and rising obesity rates. Rose and colleagues in this study found that even with a new access to local grocery stores, the proportion of convenience stores and fast food to a single grocery store did not shift food choices nor obesity rates. This indicates that food swamps are separate from food deserts. The concept is comparable to that of a food desert. Those in a food desert have poor local access to nutritious food sources; those in a food swamp have easy local access to non-nutritious food. According to researchers, food swamps are better measures for obesity rates. One of the factors that may better explain this phenomenon is the surrounding neighborhood of a food swamp; researchers found that a large portion of the community do not use public transportation as their primary commute. This means that food options are still severely limited, especially when the nearest convenience store, bodega, or fast food restaurant is at walking distance and consumes the least amount of time. Among this factor, trends such as global commercialism of fast food, racial and ethnic redlining, and differential barriers of low-income communities are mentioned as important influences on food swamp characterization.  Influence on human health  Food swamps have positive, statistically significant effects on adult obesity rates, especially in areas where a majority of residents do not have access to personal or public transportation, and have disproportionate health impact on low-income minorities.This environment is found in areas with strong corporate or industrial influence and is becoming a global phenomenon. Research suggests a positive correlation between obesity rates and the ratio of unhealthy to healthy food options. This is a consequence of fast-food options available in food swamps containing a high number of calories but a lower number of nutrients. Some data also suggests that young adults living in close proximity to fast-food restaurants demonstrated higher incidence of type 2 diabetes.  Racial/ethnic and socioeconomic influence  Out of 12 conducted studies, the results of 10 provided evidence that in the US fast-food restaurants are more likely to be located in areas with higher concentrations of ethnic minorities than whites. Racial-ethnic and low-income minorities were shown to more frequently reside near unhealthy fast-food retailers than others. This suggests that racial-ethnic low-income minorities are more likely to experience the detrimental health effects of food swamps, which is supported by the fact that African Americans and Latinos have higher obesity rates than whites.  Controversy of term  The term “food swamp” has endured some criticism on account of its referral to wetlands with a negative connotation. Critics have raised the point that while swamps have positive influences on ecosystems such as by detoxifying water and supporting biodiversity, food swamps exclusively cause problems for human health and the environment.  Proposed solutions  To eliminate food swamps, researchers have proposed introducing policies which limit the amount of fast-food establishments and incentivize the distribution of healthy food options in an area.To
This article is about the particular significance of the decade 1890–1899 to Wales and its people.  Incumbents Prince of Wales – Albert Edward Princess of Wales – Alexandra Archdruid of the National Eisteddfod of Wales Clwydfardd (to 1894) Hwfa Môn (from 1895)  Events Events of 1890 Events of 1891 Events of 1892 Events of 1893 Events of 1894 Events of 1895 Events of 1896 Events of 1897 Events of 1898 Events of 1899  Arts and literature  Awards National Eisteddfod of Wales  1890 – Bangor Chair – Thomas Tudno Jones Crown – John John Roberts 1891 – Swansea Chair – John Owen Williams Crown – David Adams 1892 – Rhyl Chair – Evan Jones Crown – John John Roberts 1893 – Pontypridd Chair – John Ceulanydd Williams Crown – Ben Davies 1894 – Caernarfon Chair – Howell Elvet Lewis Crown – Ben Davies 1895 – Llanelli Chair – John Owen Williams Crown – Lewis William Lewis 1896 – Llandudno Chair – Ben Davies Crown – withheld 1897 – Newport Chair – John Thomas Job Crown – Thomas Mafonwy Davies 1898 – Blaenau Ffestiniog Chair – Robert Owen Hughes
Mikhaylovskoye () is a rural locality (a village) in Myaksinskoye Rural Settlement, Cherepovetsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia.
Laura Štefanac is a Croatian paralympic athlete competing in javelin throw, hammer throw, discus throw and shot put.  She was born deaf
Heaven's Pregnant Teens is the first and only studio album by Californian
Ratnagiri railway station (RN) is a train station that serves the  city of Ratnagiri in the Indian state of Maharashtra. It is the one of
Brigg and Scunthorpe was a parliamentary
A parclose screen is a screen or railing used to enclose or separate-off a chantry chapel, tomb or manorial chapel, from public areas of a church, for example from the nave or chancel. It should be distinguished from the chancel screen which separates the chancel from the nave, in order to restrict access to the former to clerics and other select persons.  Location As many chantry chapels and manorial chapels were situated at the east end (closest to the holy city of Jerusalem) of the north or south aisles, next to the chancel, frequently they lay within the area enclosed by the chancel screen.  Function The parclose screen is designed to restrict physical access to those unauthorised to enter, yet still to allow a good view into the restricted area and the entry of sunlight, and also, most importantly, to allow for communication with the high altar in the chancel during the elevation of the host at mass. This is usually achieved by the use of tracery to form the screen. Where a solid masonry wall is used instead of a screen, a hagioscope or  squint is required to serve the same purpose. Parclose screens are made of stone or wood and are often decoratively carved, frequently featuring the coats of arms of the family concerned.  Etymology The word derives from the French noun  (f), from the Latin verb , "to close" plus the preposition per, "through, along, over".  History In England, the use of parclose screens was largely discontinued in the 16th century after the Reformation, and after the Dissolution of the Monasteries when chantries were dissolved. There was therefore no further need to have several altars in the same church, each serving a separate private chantry chapel. The concept of the manorial chapel was also discontinued a few centuries after, when burials inside churches and manorial chapels were discontinued. The manorial pew, not screened-off from the congregation, replaced the screened-off manorial chapel. Many fine examples of mediaeval parclose screens survive in the parish churches and cathedrals of England.  References  Architectural elements Church architecture Catholic liturgy
The following highways are numbered 351:  Canada Manitoba Provincial Road 351 Newfoundland and Labrador Route 351 Prince Edward Island Route 351  Quebec Route 351  Japan  Japan National Route 351  India  National Highway 351  United States   Arkansas Highway 351   County Road 351 (Dixie County, Florida)   County Road 351A (Dixie County, Florida)   Georgia State Route 351 (former)   Illinois Route 351   Kentucky Route 351   Louisiana Highway 351   Maryland Route 351 
Plum Creek is the primary outflow for the Plum Lakes (49°37′51″N, 100°43′39″W) and travels in an easterly direction for about 28 kilometres until it meets up with the Souris River, which is part of the Hudson Bay drainage basin, at the community of Souris in the Canadian province of Manitoba. Plum Lakes and the beginning of Plum Creek are in the Rural Municipality of Sifton and the mouth is in the Municipality of Souris – Glenwood.  The
Macau Ferry Terminal, or Macau Ferry Pier, may refer to:  Outer Harbour Ferry Terminal, a ferry terminal
Laila Nur (October 5, 1934 – May 31, 2019) was a Bangladeshi language-movement activist and academic. She joined  Comilla Victoria Government College in 1957 as its first female professor.  Early life Laila Nur was born on 5October 1934 in Daudkandi Thana, Comilla. Her father was Abu Naser, a medical doctor, and her mother was Shamsunnahar Mehedi. She passed her Higher Secondary School Certificate (HSC) in 1952. She received a Bachelor of Arts degree in English literature in 1956 from Dhaka University.  Participation in the Language Movement  As a young woman in 1952, Nur participated in the Bengali Language Movement. On 20February 1955 she was arrested by the Pakistan Police along with about 20 female students for preparing to take part in a march the next day. She was in jail for 21 days for her participation in the Language Movement.  Professional achievements  In 1957, Nur became the first woman to be appointed a professor at Comilla Victoria Government College.  Nur has translated 115 poetry pieces by Titas Chowdhury into English.  In 2014, Nur received the Binoy Sommanona Award for her contribution to the Language Movement and education.  References   1934 births Bengali activists Bengali language movement activists 2019 deaths Bangladeshi women activists People from Daudkandi Upazila Academic staff
Bruce Franklin Petway (December 23, 1885 – July 4, 1941) was an American Negro league baseball catcher in the early 20th century who came to be known as having one of the best throwing arms in the league. He is also said to have been one of the first to have consistently thrown to second base without coming out of the squat. He was the brother of fellow Negro leaguer Howard Petway.  Bruce Petway left a career in medicine to pursue baseball, playing for a number of Negro league teams, most notably the Leland Giants (1906–1910), Philadelphia Giants (1907–1909), Chicago American Giants (1911–1918), and Detroit Stars (1919–1925).  Baseball writers Harry Daniels and Jimmy Smith both put Petway on their 1909 "All-American Team", saying as a catcher he was "the greatest since Arthur Thomas's time."  While playing in Cuba in 1910, Petway reportedly threw out Ty Cobb three times, in three attempts to steal, though most researchers conclude that Petway caught Cobb stealing just once, and also threw him out on a bunt attempt. That year, Petway batted .390, showing off his hitting skills as well. He also led the Cuban League in stolen bases in 1912, when he picked up 20, a rarity for a catcher even at the time.  Petway traveled with the 1913 Chicago American Giants when they toured the United States. He remained with the team until he moved to the Detroit Stars in 1919.  Petway played with the Stars into the 1920s and continued to post solid numbers, while simultaneously managing the team, as many stars did in that day. With Detroit, he played with such greats as Pete Hill and future New York Black Yankees' star Bill Holland.  Eleven years after his death, Petway received votes listing him on the 1952 Pittsburgh Courier player-voted poll of the Negro leagues' best players ever.  References  External links  and Baseball-Reference Black Baseball stats and Seamheads   and Seamheads  1885
Christopher John Budd  (born 15 February 1960) is a British mathematician known especially for his contribution to non-linear differential equations and their applications in industry. He is currently Professor of Applied Mathematics at the University of Bath, and was Professor of Geometry at Gresham College from 2016 to 2020.  Budd gained his Bachelor's degree in mathematics at St John's College, Cambridge, where he was senior wrangler. He went on to be awarded a D.Phil. from Oxford University, studying numerical methods for nonlinear elliptic partial differential equations under the supervision of John Norbury. He spent three years as a fellow of St John's College, Oxford, working in numerical analysis at the Oxford University Computing Laboratory and as a fellow sponsored by the CEGB developing numerical methods for third-order partial differential equations. He went on to a permanent post as a lecturer in numerical analysis at the University of Bristol before gaining a position as Professor of Applied Mathematics at the University of Bath in 1995. He was appointed the Professor of Geometry at Gresham College in 2016, where he delivered a series of public lectures on Mathematics and the Making of the Modern World.  His research interests involve the analysis, application and numerical analysis of the solution of nonlinear differential equations with a particular emphasis on problems which arise in industry. His recent work has been in geometric integration which aims to develop numerical methods which reproduce qualitative structures in differential equations.  He is co-director of the interdisciplinary Centre for Nonlinear Mechanics at the University of Bath and is active in promoting interdisciplinary collaboration both nationally and internationally.  Budd is a passionate populariser of mathematics, reflected in his appointment as Chair of Mathematics of the Royal Institution of Great Britain in 2000.  He works on a number of projects with schools and  has  written a book, "Mathematics Galore", based on his series of popular talks. He has also made numerous guest appearances on national radio and television, such as on the BBC's The One Show and popular science panel comedy game show It's Only a Theory.  He won the Leslie Fox Prize for Numerical Analysis in 1991. In 1999 he was one of ten scientists awarded the title of "Scientist for the new century" by the Royal Institution.  In 2001 he was one of 20 lecturers in the UK to be awarded an ILT Teaching Fellowship, and he was nominated the LMS popular lecturer in applied mathematics. He was awarded the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the Queen's Birthday Honours List in 2015 for services to science and maths education. He has supervised at least 9 students for a PhD.  Bibliography  Christopher Budd and Christopher Sangwin, Mathematics Galore!: Masterclasses, Workshops and Team Projects in Mathematics and Its Applications, Oxford University Press (2001) .
Serhiy Vladyslavovych Fedorov (, born 18 February 1975) is a Ukrainian football manager and former player. He started off as a central defender, but mostly plays as a right back, or a right-sided midfielder. He subsequently started a managerial career.  Career Fedorov came through the youth ranks at Dynamo and his first coaches were Hryhoriy Matiyenko and Anatoliy Kroshchenko. Fedorov made his professional debut in 1992 playing for Dynamo-2 Kyiv in a home game against Halychyna Drohobych. In a spring of 1993 he spend some time playing for CSK ZSU at the third tier. He finally made his debut for the Dynamo's first team at the top tier on 12 March 1994 playing an away match against Tavriya Simferopol.  He has been a reliable performer all across the defense, without ever quite making any position his own. Due to limited opportunities, he was given to the UPL newcomer CSKA-Borysfen Kyiv (later CSKA) in 1995 playing for the club for a year and half and finally gaining some game time at the top level.   In 1997 Fedorov returned to Dynamo. After his return, it was not until 2001 when he finally earned a regular spot in the first squad. In 1997–2001 Fedorov more often was featured in matches for Dynamo-2 at the second tier. At international club level, he made his debut at the 1998–99 UEFA Champions League in the away match against Barry Town F.C. on 29 July 1998, yet more play time he got next season in 1999–2000. During the 2003–04 UEFA Champions League Fedorov managed to score two goals, one Dinamo Zagreb and another one Inter Milan. He also was featured in two Ukrainian Super Cup in 2004 and 2005 and winning the one in 2004. Fedorov also made appearances in four final matches of the Ukrainian Cup.  He was released as a free agent in 2008, and on 1 April 2009 he joined FC Chornomorets Odesa for the remainder of 2008–09
The M1 carbine (formally the United States Carbine, Caliber .30, M1) is a lightweight semi-automatic carbine that was issued in the U.S. military during World War II, the Korean War and the Vietnam War. The M1 carbine was produced in several variants and was widely used by paramilitary and police forces around the world after World War II.  The M2 carbine is the selective-fire version of the M1 carbine, capable of firing in both semi-automatic and full-automatic. The M3 carbine was an M2 carbine with an active infrared scope system.  Despite having a similar name and physical outward appearance, the M1 carbine is not a carbine version of the M1 Garand rifle. On July 1, 1925, the U.S. Army began using the current naming convention where the "M" is the designation for "Model" and the number represents the sequential development of equipment and weapons. Therefore, the "M1 carbine" was the first carbine developed under this system. The "M2 carbine" was the second carbine developed under the system, etc.  Development history  Limitations of weapons in the U.S. arsenal  Prior to World War II, the U.S. Army Ordnance Department received reports that the full-size M1 rifle was too heavy and cumbersome for most support troops (staff, artillerymen, radiomen, etc.) to carry. During pre-war and early war field exercises, it was found that the M1 Garand impeded these soldiers' mobility, as a slung rifle would frequently catch on brush or hit the back of the helmet and tilt it over the eyes. Many soldiers found the rifle slid off the shoulder unless slung diagonally across the back, where it prevented the wearing of standard field packs and haversacks.  Additionally, Germany's use of glider-borne and paratrooper forces to launch surprise blitzkrieg attacks behind the front lines generated a request for a new compact infantry weapon to equip support troops. This request called for a compact, lightweight defensive weapon with greater range, accuracy and firepower
City Across the River is a 1949 American film noir crime film directed by Maxwell Shane and starring Peter Fernandez, Stephen McNally, Thelma Ritter, Sue England, Barbara Whiting, Luis Van Rooten and Jeff Corey. The screenplay is based on the novel The Amboy Dukes by Irving Shulman.  The film is the credited screen debut of Tony Curtis (billed onscreen as "Anthony Curtis").  Plot Two members of a tough Brooklyn street gang accidentally kill one of their teachers.  Frank Cusack is a leading member of the Amboy Dukes teenage gang based in a slum-ridden area of Brooklyn. His activities with the gang ultimately lead from vandalism and hooliganism to complicity in the murder of a school teacher. His hopes—and those of his parents—for an escape from the bleakness of slum life are dashed by circumstance and by his willingness to accept the gang code of not informing to the police.  Summary The film possibly makes a more convincing impact due to its lack of big stars. The roles are filled mainly by unrecognizable or relatively new actors. Most importantly, the film emphasizes the terrible consequences for the parents and sister of the son - sixteen year old Frank - who engages in acts which are initially thoughtless and finally criminal.  The parents, especially the mother (Thelma Ritter), are shown as decent, thoughtful working-class people. They devote their efforts, giving up personal dreams in the process, to provide for their children as best they can. They emphasize ideals and behavior that will enable Frank and his sister to rise out of the tenements. It is tragic irony that these efforts mean that neither parent is able to be home very often, so Frank is largely unsupervised and lacks consistent guidance.  Although the film does suggest that lack of parental supervision is a reason for juvenile delinquency, it squarely pins the blame on living conditions as the
The 1925 Creighton Bluejays football team was an American football team that represented Creighton University as a member of the North Central Conference during the 1925 college football season. In its third season under head coach Chet A. Wynne, the team compiled a 6–3–1 record and outscored opponents by a total of 103 to 46.
Steven Stamkos (born February 7, 1990) is a Canadian professional ice hockey forward and captain of the Tampa Bay Lightning of the National Hockey League (NHL). Stamkos was selected first overall in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft by the Lightning. He is a two-time Maurice "Rocket" Richard Trophy winner as the NHL's leading goal-scorer (2010 and 2012), is a two-time NHL second team All-Star (2011, 2012), and has been named to seven NHL All-Star Games. Nicknamed "Stammer", he has scored the most goals and the most points of any player born in the 1990s decade. Stamkos captained the Lightning to back-to-back Stanley Cup championships in 2020 and 2021.  Early life Stamkos is of Macedonian and Scottish descent. He grew up in Unionville, Ontario, and played for the Markham Waxers in the Eastern AAA Hockey League of the Ontario Minor Hockey Association (OMHA). During one of his seasons with the North York Canadiens, he
Typhoon Gay, also known as the Kavali Cyclone of 1989, was a small but powerful tropical cyclone which caused more than 800 fatalities in and around the Gulf of Thailand in November 1989. The worst typhoon to affect the Malay Peninsula in thirty-five years, Gay originated from a monsoon trough over the Gulf of Thailand in early November. Owing to favorable atmospheric conditions, the storm rapidly intensified, attaining winds over 120 km/h (75 mph) by 3 November. Later that day, Gay became the first typhoon since 1891 to make landfall in Thailand, striking Chumphon Province with winds of 185 km/h (115 mph). The small storm emerged into the Bay of Bengal and gradually reorganized over the following days as it approached southeastern India. On 8 November, Gay attained its peak intensity as a Category 5-equivalent cyclone with winds of 260 km/h (160 mph). The cyclone then moved ashore near Kavali, Andhra Pradesh. Rapid weakening ensued inland, and Gay dissipated over Maharashtra early on 10 November.  The typhoon's rapid development took hundreds of vessels by surprise, leading to 275 offshore fatalities. Of these, 91 occurred after an oil drilling ship, the Seacrest, capsized amid  swells. Across the Malay Peninsula, 588 people died from various storm-related incidents. Several towns in coastal Chumphon were destroyed. Losses throughout Thailand totaled  (). Striking India as a powerful cyclone, Gay damaged or destroyed about 20,000 homes in Andhra Pradesh, leaving 100,000 people homeless. In that country, 69 deaths and  () in damage were attributed to Gay.  Meteorological history  In early November, a monsoon trough over the Gulf of Thailand showed signs of tropical cyclogenesis. A small, concentrated area of convection quickly developed over a low-pressure area within the trough, and on 2 November the system became sufficiently organized for the Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) to issue a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert. Owing to its small size, the system began strengthening within the narrow gulf by taking advantage of warm waters and good outflow. Moving generally northwestward, it became a tropical depression later that day and underwent rapid intensification. As the newly named Tropical Storm Gay strengthened, it "presented a paradox to forecasters", according to Lieutenant Dianne K. Crittenden; synoptic data from Malaysia and Thailand indicated decreasing wind speeds and increasing barometric pressures around the storm, but these observations were later interpreted as increased subsidence.  Strengthening faster than anticipated, Gay attained typhoon status early on 3 November. Later that day, the storm developed an eye before passing over the Seacrest, an oil drilling ship. On 4 November, Gay's winds increased to 185 km/h (115 mph), equivalent to a Category 3 hurricane on the Saffir–Simpson hurricane scale, before making landfall in Chumphon Province, Thailand, at 0600 UTC. The Japan Meteorological Agency assessed that the storm had ten-minute sustained winds
Hoopla or Hupla may refer to:   HOOPLA!, a periodical devoted to Object-Oriented Programming techniques  Hoop-La (1933), starring Clara
Shristhal Sangrahalay, also known as Siddhpur Museum or Bindu Sarovar Museum, is a museum located near Bindu Sarovar in Siddhpur, Gujarat, India. Opened in 2017, it has three galleries presenting religious and ritual significance as well as history and society of the region.  History State tourism minister Jaynarayan Vyas proposed a museum in Siddhpur in later half
The Cathedral of Saint Mary the Crowned () is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Gibraltar. It is the primary centre of Catholic worship in the Diocese of Gibraltar.  History  15th century The original building of the current cathedral was built during the Spanish period. Just after the reconquest of the city to the Moors, the main mosque was decreed to be stripped of its Islamic past and consecrated as the parish church (named Santa Maria la Coronada y San Bernardo). However, under the rule of the Catholic Monarchs, the old building was demolished and a new church was erected, in Gothic style. The cathedral's small courtyard is the remnant of the larger Moorish court of the mosque. The Catholic Monarchs' coat of arms was placed in the courtyard where it can still be seen today. The cathedral extended to the opposite side of what is now Main Street.  18th to 20th centuries The church of St. Mary the Crowned was the only Catholic church or institution that was not ransacked by the troops that took over the city in 1704. It was successfully protected by its staunch pastor, Juan Romero, his curate, and his bell-ringer. Thus, it is the only place where Catholic worship has taken place uninterruptedly from the definite Christian re-conquest of the town.  Due to the building being severely damaged during the 1779–1783 Great Siege, in 1790 the then governor of Gibraltar, Sir Robert Boyd, offered to rebuild the cathedral in return for part of the land on which the building originally stood in order to re-route Main Street. The route was re-modelled in 1801 so that Main Street could be straighter. (This drastic change has also been credited to the governor Charles O'Hara.) The reconstruction took place in 1810 and the opportunity was also taken to widen Main Street. The clock tower was added in 1820 and in 1931 restoration work was carried out on the cathedral and the current west façade erected to replace the poorer one built in 1810.  In 1881 the Church of St Mary's was the site of nearly fifty arrests as the governor of Gibraltar sent police and reassigned soldiers to support Bishop Canilla as he attempted to enter his own church. A self-appointed "Committee of Elders" had said that they intended to take possession of the church and install their own "chief priest" against the will of the governor and the Catholic church. Canilla was sent to his church on 2 March 1881 with police protection to install him in his church. When the new force came to the church they found it was occupied by 200 men and the police had to make four dozen arrests to establish order.  Not only did Canilla now have possession of his church but he was also the owner as the governor arranged for the title deeds to be given to the new titular Bishop.  Until the 19th century, anyone who died in Gibraltar had the right to be buried under the cathedral floor. Bishops are buried in a crypt beneath the statue of Our Lady of Europe.  In 1943, Władysław Sikorski's coffin lay in state here, after his plane crashed into the sea just off Gibraltar.  See also  San Roque, Cádiz (The original statue of St Mary was moved there in 1704, following the British takeover of Gibraltar)  Gallery  References  External links   Cathedral information and photos of interior (from the Diocese of Gibraltar)  Illustrated article  Roman Catholic churches completed in 1462 Roman Catholic churches completed in 1931 Towers completed in 1820 15th-century Roman Catholic church buildings 20th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in
Holly Wilson (born 1968) is a Native American artist from Oklahoma. She is an enrolled member of the Delaware Nation and is of Cherokee descent.  Wilson lives and works in Mustang, Oklahoma. According to Wilson, she used to call herself a sculptor, a clay artist, photographer, among many others before setting for the term "artist." As a contemporary multimedia artist, her works range from using paint (oil), bronze, clay, wood, encaustic painting, photography, and more. Her artworks are exhibited nationally and internationally in private, public, and museum collections.  Her works draw inspiration from Native American stories that she heard as a child and include themes such as shape shifters, tricksters, messenger birds, and owl bearers. Her sculptures often feature stick-like figures and animals with anthropomorphic qualities.  Her professional website states: "Holly Wilson creates figures that serve as her storytellers to the world, conveying stories of the sacred and the precious, capturing moments of our day, vulnerabilities, and strengths. The stories are, at one time, both representations of family history as well as personal experiences. Wilson's work reaches a broad audience allowing the viewer the opportunity to see their personal connection. Wilson works in various media, including bronzes, paint, encaustic, photography, glass, and clay.  Education  In 1992 Holly Wilson earned her Bachelor of Fine Arts in ceramics from the Kansas City Art Institute. In 1993, she earned her teaching certification in primary and secondary education (K-12) from Cameron University in Lawton, Oklahoma. She earned her Master of Arts degree in ceramics in 1994 and MFA degree in sculpture in 2001 from Stephen F. Austin State University in Texas.  Artworks  Bloodline  Bloodline (2015) is in a wall-hanging sculptural installation that is 29 inches high, 9 inches deep, and 264 inches wide. Wilson traced her Native American lineage to share her identity and family history to prove the amount of blood quantum that is required to be an Indian in her tribe. She was inspired by the Native American story of the Stick People. Bloodline includes several sections, each possessing a different generation of her family. The bronzed patina figures form a single line and walk along the cut locust wood. With the wood cut lengthwise, its life history is unveiled for the audience to see, and the author used that to represent the lives of the figures standing above the wood. When it is hung and light is projected upon it, it creates a shadow. That shadow is the artist's intangible memories constituting the figure's life in history. Leading the beginning of the wall sculpture are her five children, including three that didn't survive; the second section consists of her siblings as well as herself; then her parents, and so forth. With the figures walking together as one, it emphasizes the joint effort of her ancestors and their offspring in building a family.  In a 2021 review in The National Review, critic Brian T. Allen singled out the work as a favorite of the "Weaving History Into Art exhibition at Tulsa's Gilcrease Museum. "I loved Carol Emarthle Douglas's baskets and especially Holly Wilson's Bloodline. It's a 22-foot-long wall sculpture. On top of a long piece of locust wood cut in equal segments and assembled to look like an artery, small bronze figures process in a line. Each segment represents a generation. The tree's cut lengthwise, so viewers see its own history. Bloodlines legally determine eligibility for tribal membership. The figures are anonymous and wraithlike. Most of us know little about our ancestry, but it's ours nonetheless, unique and influential."  We Need A Hero  We Need A Hero (2015) is a cast-bronze sculptural installation. The sharp tacks lodged on the wall are incoming bombs that represent messages coming from society. The messages come in an array of different shapes and colors signifying that not all will survive or reach very far. The blue messages are harmless, but the white ones lead to destruction for it is highly explosive. The little boy, who she referenced after her son, stands proudly on top of a bronze paper airplane. By placing the boy in the center of the incoming danger, Wilson is indicating that the child is ready to face the world set before him.  Under the Skin  Her children and the crayon boxes she purchased for them in school inspired her to create the medium of Under the Skin. What ignited
Nauris Sējējs (born 15 March 2001) is a Latvian professional ice hockey defenceman who is currently playing with HC La Chaux-de-Fonds of the Swiss League (SL) as a prospect to Genève-Servette HC of the National League (NL).  Sējējs played his junior hockey in Switzerland which allows him to compete in the NL and the SL with a Swiss player-license.  Playing career On April 6, 2021, Sējējs was signed by Genève-Servette HC to his first professional contract, agreeing to a one-year deal.  On May 5, 2021, it was announced that Sējējs would be loaned to HC La Chaux-de-Fonds of the Swiss League (SL) for the 2021/22 season.  Personal life His twin brother, Nils Sējējs, also plays professional hockey with Genève-Servette HC as a winger. They were born in the Czech Republic where their father Normunds was playing hockey at the time, though the family returned to Latvia within a few years.  Both twins left Latvia and moved to Geneva in 2016 at age 15 to continue their junior careers.  Career statistics  Regular season and playoffs  International  References  External links  2001 births Living people Genève-Servette HC players HC La Chaux-de-Fonds players Latvian ice hockey defencemen Ice hockey players at the 2022 Winter Olympics Olympic ice hockey players for Latvia Latvian twins Ice hockey
Graham Stuart Botting (27 June 1915 – 7 March 2007) was a New Zealand cricketer and hockey player. He was born at Dunedin in 1915 and was educated at Otago Boys High School.  Botting was a wicket-keeper who played in the Plunket Shield for Central Districts from 1950–51 to 1952–53 and Otago in 1953–54. He made his first-class debut in January 1949, playing for a New Zealand XI in a trial match ahead of the selection of the New Zealand Test side. He did not play representative cricket for two more seasons, making his Central Districts debut in December 1950 against Wellington at the Basin Reserve. He also played for Nelson in the Hawke Cup from 1945–46 to 1952–53. He played in a total of 16 first-class matches, 12 of which were for Central Districts and three for Otago. He scored
Matthew William Kemble Connolly (13 February 1872 – 24 February 1947) was a British army officer and malacologist.  Biography Connolly was born at Bath, the son of Vice-Admiral Matthew Connolly, R.N., and his wife Harriet Kemble.<ref>"Obituary Major M Connolly". Nature 159: 531–532. </ref> He was educated at Haileybury College and trained at the Royal Military College, Sandhurst. He was commissioned into the King's Own Yorkshire Light Infantry as a second lieutenant on 7 November 1891. He was promoted captain on 26 July 1899. He was appointed adjutant of the 2nd Volunteer Battalion, Royal Warwickshire Regiment on 23 April 1900, and held that position until 23 April 1905, and returned to regimental duties on 6 May. From this point much of his service was in South Africa. He was promoted major on 9 July 1910.   While in South Africa, Connolly took an interest in minerals and then started observing snails in the field. He took up malacology and conchology seriously and became an authority on the land and freshwater molluscs of South Africa. On 11 December 1912, he went onto the half-pay list as a result of ill-health arising from rheumatic fever. He retired from the army on 2 May 1914. During World War I he was employed at the army record office. He became a friend of Edgar Albert Smith, who was keeper of molluscs at the British Museum and who recognised his worth. In 1918, Connolly became an honorary scientific worker in the natural history department at South Kensington (now the Natural History Museum) and continued to work there until December 1946 in spite of increasing lameness.  Connolly published some fifty papers on molluscs between 1910 and 1945. He was a member of the Malacological Society from 1908 to 1938 and was president of the Conchological Society in 1930. Connolly was also a connoisseur of wine and an expert on potted meats and wrote a highly regarded pamphlet on the subject.  Connolly married Muriel Maud Vernon, daughter of Colonel Edward Vernon, J.P., D.L., of Clontarf Castle, County Dublin (1838–1913), whom he met while serving in Ireland. They lived at The Lock House, Deepcut, Surrey on the Basingstoke Canal, although Connolly was based mostly in South Kensington. Their only child was the writer and critic Cyril Connolly. Tom Pain, a younger researcher and friend of Connolly, recalled being introduced to Cyril Connolly by his father with the words "this is my son – he is a fool!"   Bibliography and described species  Many specimens including types from collection by Matthew William Kemble Connolly are in Collection of molluscs of Manchester Museum and also in the Natural History Museum, London and the National Museum of Wales, Cardiff.  Taxa newly described by Matthew William Kemble Connolly are listed below these works:   Connolly M. (1910) "A survey of the South-African Stenogyrinae, with descriptions of several new species". Annals and Magazine of Natural History (8th series)6: 249–272; pl. 6 and one text fig.  Connolly M. (1919a) "Description of four new South African land-shells, belonging to the subfamily Stenogyrinae". Records of the Albany Museum 3: 216–219; text figs.  Connolly M. (1919b) "On Opeas strigile (M. & P.) and its allies". Proceedings of the Malacological Society of London 13: 142–144; 4 text figs.  Connolly M. (1922a) "Diagnoses of new species of non-marine Mollusca from Portuguese Southeast Africa". Annals and Magazine of Natural History (9th series)10: 113–122.  Connolly M. (1922b) "Notes on African non-marine Mollusca, with descriptions of many new species". Annals and Magazine of Natural History (9th series)10: 485–517; pl. 14.  Connolly M. (1922) "The non-marine mollusca of Portuguese East Africa". Transactions of the Royal Society of South Africa, 18–220. 163  Rhachistia Connolly, 1922  Connolly M. (1923a) "Notes on African non-marine Mollusca, with descriptions of many new species (cont.)". Annals and Magazine of Natural History (9th series) 11: 345–362; pl. 1 and 3 text figs.  Subuliniscus adjacens Connolly, 1923  Connolly M. (1923b) "Notes on African non-marine Mollusca, with descriptions of many new species (cont.)". Annals and Magazine of Natural History (9th series) 12: 633–659; pl. 19.  Connolly M. (1925a) "The non-marine mollusca of Portuguese East Africa". Transactions of the Royal Society of South Africa 12: 105–220; pls. 4–8.  Connolly M. (1925b) "Notes on African non-marine mollusca, with descriptions of many new species (continued)". Annals and Magazine of Natural History (9th series) 15: 457–479; pl. 28 and 8 text figs.  Connolly M. (1927) "Report on a small collection of Mollusca, made by Dr. G.D. Hale Carpenter, at Nagichot District, S.E. Sudan. With appendix: On Trichotoxon roccatii, by H.  Watson". Proceedings of the Malacological Society of London 17: 170–174; text figs.  Connolly M. (1928) "The Non-Marine Mollusca of Sierra Leone". Annals and Magazine of Natural History (10th series) 1: 529–551; pl. 18 and 10 text figs.  Connolly M. (1929) "New non-marine mollusca from South Africa". Annals of the Natal Museum 6(2): 219–244; pl. 14 and 8 text figs.  Connolly M. (1929). Annals and Magazine of Natural History (10)3: 177.  Sierraia Connolly, 1929  Connolly M. (1930) "Descriptions of new mollusca from
The Albanian Vilayet (, Vilâyet-i Arnavid) was a projected vilayet of the Ottoman Empire in the western Balkan Peninsula, which was to include the four Ottoman vilayets with substantial ethnic Albanian populations: Kosovo Vilayet, Scutari Vilayet, Manastir Vilayet, and Janina Vilayet. In some proposals, it included the Salonica Vilayet as well. The creation of the Vilayet was confirmed in September 1912, but negotiations were interrupted a month later in October by the beginning of the First Balkan War. Plans for an Albanian Vilayet were lost with the Partition of Albania.  A separate Albanian vilayet was a part of the agenda of many Albanian organizations and societies since 1877, during the period known as the Albanian National Awakening. Establishment of such a vilayet was agreed between the Albanian rebels and the authorized representatives of the Ottoman government on September 4, 1912, following the Albanian Revolt of 1912. Soon after that agreement however, the First Balkan War broke out and most of the remaining European territory of the Ottoman Empire was occupied by the Balkan League member states. After the army of the Kingdom of Serbia captured Skopje, Ismail Qemali invited a group of Albanians from all four Ottoman vilayets that were agreed to be united into the Albanian Vilayet, to attend an All-Albanian Congress in Valona. There they declared independence on November 28, 1912, and set up the Provisional Government of Albania.  The same territories were claimed by nations in the region that had already raised their national development to independent statehood: Shkodër vilayet was claimed by the Serbs and Montenegrins, Kosovo vilayet by the Serbs, Montenegrins and Bulgarians, Monastir vilayet by the Serbs, Greeks and Bulgarians and Janina Vilayet by the Greeks. A few weeks after the beginning of the First Balkan War, the biggest part of the territories intended for the Albanian Vilayet was in the hands of Balkan League member states, as a condominium. Final frontiers between the Balkan League members and the new Principality of Albania were decided by the treaties of London and Bucharest, and ignored the frontiers of the proposed Albanian Vilayet, leaving substantial Albanian populations living outside the newly established Albanian nation-state.  Events  Central Committee for Defending Albanian Rights   The Central Committee for Defending Albanian Rights was organization established in the city of Istanbul, Turkey, then Ottoman Empire in 1877 by an influential group of Albanian intellectuals, patriots, and politicians, such as Sami Frashëri, Vaso Pasha, Abdyl Frashëri and many others. The chairman of the Committee was Abdyl Frashëri.  This Committee published the idea for uniting the vilayets of Monastiri, Scutari, Kosovo and Janina into one Albanian vilayet in the paper Tercüman-ı Hakikat. Contrary to what is often said, a claim for territories very often included the Salonica Vilayet too.  League of Prizren 1878   The League of Prizren was an Albanian political organization founded on 10 June 1878 in Prizren, in the Kosovo province (vilayet) of the Ottoman Empire. The initial position of the league, based on the religious solidarity of the landlords and the people connected with the Ottoman administration and the religious authorities, was reason for naming the league — The Committee of the Real Muslims () On the first meeting of the league was written a decision memorandum (kararname) that did not mention reforms, autonomy, or the union of the Albanian populated vilayets into one vilayet.  Soon after the first meeting of this organization it adopted a new agenda, under the influence of Abdyl Frashëri, that included establishing of the Albanian Vilayet. It was not an appeal for Albanian independence, or even autonomy within Ottoman Empire but, as proposed by Pashko Vasa, simply the unification of all Albanian speaking territory within one vilayet.  Tercümân-i-Şark () (newspapers which provided detailed coverage about events in Albanian populated area), in which Sami Frashëri was member of the staff, reported about the events in the Albanian populated area () and about the unionist society () established by the delegates of League of Prizren.  League of Peja 1899   The League of Peja () was an Albanian political organization established in 1899 in the city of Peć (Peja), Kosovo. It was led by Haxhi Zeka, a former member of the League of Prizren and shared the same platform in quest for an autonomous Albanian vilayet within Ottoman Empire. There were two groups of members. The first group of conservative and more moderate members wanted five vilayets (with Salonica Vilayet included) to be united into the Albanian vilayet, and the second group of the more radical
Caroline Penelope Valpy (née Jeffreys; 1804 – 30 October 1884) was a British-New Zealand artist.  Biography  Caroline Valpy was born Caroline Penelope Jeffreys in Kanpur, India in 1804 to Reverend Richard Jeffreys, chaplain to the East India Company. She was sister to Reverend Charles Jeffreys. Valpy married William Henry Valpy in India. They had six children: Ellen Jeffreys, Catherine Fulton, Arabella Valpy, Juliet Valpy, William Henry Valpy, Jr. and Caroline Hensley.  They moved to England in 1837, before coming to Dunedin, New Zealand aboard the Ajax in 1849.  They lived at Forbury, Dunedin, close to the current suburban road, Valpy Street.  Valpy and her daughters, especially Ellen, were known to be talented artists. They are described as having filled numerous notebooks with drawings and watercolours. Valpy's artwork is represented in the Otago Early Settlers' Association, Dunedin. Valpy's artwork, Early Dunedin 1851, is also recorded as being reproduced in a 1948 calendar for July/August 1948.  She died on 30 October 1884 in Mornington and is buried in Dunedin Southern Cemetery with her
Victoria "Vicky" Aspinall is a British musician. She was the violinist in the English post-punk band The Raincoats from 1978 to 1984. In 1992 she and Dave Morgan founded the independent dance label Fresh Records (not the post-punk label of the same name) initially for releases of their own Lovestation project.  Biography Aspinall is a classically trained violinist, having graduated from the Royal College of
Surangal is a village and
Amrit Kaur (born June 4, 1993) is a Canadian actress, producer, and writer, best known for her role as Bela Malhotra on the 2021 HBO Max series, The Sex Lives of College Girls.  Early life and education  Amrit Kaur grew up in an Indian Sikh family in Markham, Ontario. Her parents emigrated from India to Canada before she was born.  She began acting as an extracurricular in high school, serving as the senior captain of her school's improv team. She earned her BFA in theatre from the School of the Arts, Media, Performance & Design at York University in Toronto.  Career   Amrit Kaur is best known for her breakout role of Bela Malhotra in Mindy Kaling's Sex Lives of College Girls. Amrit has acted in various American and Canadian television shows, including American Gothic, Kim's Convenience, Hudson & Rex, Nurses, and The D Cut. Kaur also played Pasha in the 2017 Canadian film Brown Girl Begins and had appeared as Jessie in the 2018 romantic comedy film Little Italy.  Kaur was cast as freshman Bela Malhotra on Mindy Kaling's television series, The Sex Lives of College Girls, which premiered on HBO Max in November 2021 and was renewed for a second season the following month. She auditioned for the role despite not having the required O-1 Visa, which allows "individuals with extraordinary ability to achievement" to work in the United States for up to three years. Because the producers discovered that she didn't have the visa, they canceled her callback but later gave her another chance. She then advanced to the final round of auditions but her O-1 Visa application was rejected. However, all of the producers on the show – including Kaling – wrote letters urging the U.S. government to accept her visa, which was later approved.  Kaur recently finished filming "Me, My Mom & Sharmila" a feature film written and directed by Fawzia Mirza, set to be released in 2023.  Filmography  Television  Film  Awards  See also  South Asian Canadians in the Greater Toronto Area  References   1993 births Living people Canadian television actresses Canadian television
Thomas Martin (15 January 1911 – 7 December 1937) was an Irish first-class cricketer.  Martin was born in Lisburn in January 1911, where he was educated at Lisburn Intermediate School. (Which is now The Wallace High School) After leaving secondary education, Martin went up to Queen's University Belfast. Playing his club cricket for Lisburn, as one of "Awty's Boys", a group of young cricketers coached by the Staffordshire minor counties cricketer Joe Awty. His move to Belfast saw him play his club cricket for Queen's University. A tall man, standing over six feet tall, Martin used his
Robert G. Nairn (died 30 September 2023) was a South African Buddhist teacher, author and populariser. He was born and grew up in Rhodesia. Nairn was a follower of Tibetan Buddhism, in the Karma Kagyu lineage.  Academic education and legal career  Graduating from the University of Rhodesia with an LL.B (Hons) (London), Nairn was awarded a Commonwealth Scholarship for postgraduate studies in UK and went on to study criminology, psychology and law at King's College London and to receive a postgraduate diploma in criminology from Edinburgh University. He then returned to Rhodesia to become an advocate of its High Court.  Nairn was appointed as a magistrate at 21, which was the youngest ever appointment of this type in the then Rhodesia. He went on to become the private secretary to Minister of Justice, Law and Order of that country as well as a senior lecturer in law and criminology at the then University of Rhodesia.  Moving to South Africa, Nairn became a senior lecturer in law at the University of Cape Town and later a professor of law and criminology and the Director of the Institute of Criminology at the same institution. In 1979 Nairn published a paper "To Read or Not to Read, Aspects of Prisoners' Rights", which exposed the illegality in international law of the South African law that permitted prison officials to deny prisoners reading materials. This article was picked up by the US press, causing embarrassment to the apartheid government. As a result, Nairn was banned from
Grande Rocheuse (4,102 m) is a summit on the east ridge of Aiguille Verte in the Mont Blanc massif in Haute-Savoie, France  See also  List of 4000 metre peaks of the Alps 
Blindsight is the ability of people who are cortically blind to respond to visual stimuli that they do not consciously see due to lesions in the primary visual cortex, also known as the striate cortex or Brodmann Area 17. The term was coined by Lawrence Weiskrantz and his colleagues in a paper published in a 1974 issue of Brain. A previous paper studying the discriminatory capacity of a cortically blind patient was published in Nature in 1973. The assumed existence of blindsight is controversial, with some arguing that it is merely degraded conscious vision.  Type classification  The majority of studies on blindsight are conducted on patients who are hemianopic, i.e. blind in one half of their visual field. Following the destruction of the left or right striate cortex, patients are asked to detect, localize, and discriminate amongst visual stimuli that are presented to their blind side, often in a forced-response or guessing situation, even though they may not consciously recognize the visual stimulus. Research shows that such blind patients may achieve a higher accuracy than would be expected from chance alone.   Type 1 blindsight is the term given to this ability to guess—at levels significantly above chance—aspects of a visual stimulus (such as location or type of movement) without any conscious awareness of any stimuli. Type 2 blindsight occurs when patients claim to have a feeling that there has been a change within their blind area—e.g. movement—but that it was not a visual percept. The re-classification of blindsight into Type 1 and Type 2 was made after it was shown that the most celebrated blindsight patient, "GY", was in fact usually conscious of stimuli presented to his blind field if the stimuli had certain specific characteristics, namely being of high contrast and moving fast (at speeds in excess of 20 degrees per second).    In the aftermath of the First World War, a neurologist, George Riddoch, had described patients who had been blinded by gunshot wounds to V1, who could not see stationary objects but who were, as he reported, "conscious" of seeing moving objects in their blind field. It is for this reason that the phenomenon has more recently also been called the Riddoch syndrome.   Since then it has become apparent that such subjects can also become aware of visual stimuli belonging to other visual domains, such as color and luminance, when presented to their blind fields. The ability of such hemianopic subjects to become consciously aware of stimuli presented to their blind field is also commonly referred to as "residual" or "degraded" vision.  As originally defined, blindsight challenged the common belief that perceptions must enter consciousness to affect our behavior, by showing that our behavior can be guided by sensory information of which we have no conscious awareness. Since demonstration that blind patients can experience some visual stimuli consciously, and the consequent redefinition of blindsight into Type 1 and Type 2, a more nuanced view of the phenomenon has developed. Blindsight may be thought of as a converse of the form of anosognosia known as Anton syndrome, in which there is full cortical blindness along with the confabulation of visual experience.  History  Much of our current understanding of blindsight can be attributed to early experiments on monkeys. One monkey, named Helen, could be considered the "star monkey in visual research" because she was the original blindsight subject. Helen was a macaque monkey that had been decorticated; specifically, her primary visual cortex (V1) was completely removed, blinding her. Nevertheless, under certain specific situations, Helen exhibited sighted behavior. Her pupils would dilate and she would blink at stimuli that threatened her eyes. Furthermore, under certain experimental conditions, she could detect a variety of visual stimuli, such as the presence and location of objects, as well as shape, pattern, orientation, motion, and color. In many cases she was able to navigate her environment and interact with objects as if she were sighted.  A similar phenomenon was also discovered in humans. Subjects who had
is a Japanese sprinter. He competed
Dopesick is the third studio album by American sludge metal band Eyehategod, released on April 2, 1996. It was reissued in 2006 as part of Century Media's 10th Anniversary series with three bonus tracks that were recorded during the original Dopesick recording sessions.  Recording and production After the release of Take as Needed for Pain, Eyehategod's previous album, the band recorded several demos, which were released on various 7" records and splits on various labels, before finally settling down in the fall of 1995 to record a full-length record, Dopesick. The album featured Billy Anderson and Pepper Keenan as producer and co-producer respectively and new bassist Vince LeBlanc. It was recorded at Side One Studios in New Orleans so frontman Mike Williams had to travel often between there and Clinton Hill, Brooklyn in New York City, where he was living at the time.  The recording sessions were infamously chaotic, and involved the studio owner reportedly calling Century Media to ask if the band was mentally unstable, and threatening to kick them out. This particular incident occurred after Mike Williams had attempted to record the sound of smashing glass for the introduction to the album, by smashing a bottle on the floor of the studio. In the process, he slashed open his hand and bled all over the studio floor; this recording did make it to the record as the introduction to the first track, "My Name Is God (I Hate You)". One of the band members then apparently smeared the words "Hell" and "Death to Pigs" in Williams' blood.  The album's recording finished during the winter of 1995. After completion, Brian Patton and Joey LaCaze flew out to San Francisco to mix the album at Hyde Street Studio with Billy Anderson, who would also be the album's engineer.  Release The album was finally released on April 2, 1996. Thanks to the LP, the band was able to embark on a United States tour in the spring of 1997, supporting White Zombie and Pantera, bringing their music to a far wider audience.  On June 27, 2006, the album was reissued as part of Century Media's 20th Anniversary series of reissues. The new edition included three bonus tracks recorded during the original Dopesick recording sessions.  Music The album opens with Mike Williams' screams and the sound of a broken bottle. It is somewhat diverse musically, but not in terms of mood. "Dixie Whiskey" has a main riff that sounds, reportedly, like a swamp-bred Black Sabbath. "Dogs Holy Life" and "Non Conductive Negative Reasoning" both feature inventive and ear-grabbing guitar parts before ending abruptly, according to William York of AllMusic. Songs such as "Peace Thru War (Thru Peace and
Compagnie Africaine d'Aviation (CAA; African Aviation Company), renamed FlyCAA in 2013, is a regional airline from the Democratic Republic of the Congo, based at N'djili Airport in Kinshasa. It offers an extensive network of domestic scheduled passenger flights, as well as cargo flights. Due to safety and security concerns, CAA has been included in the list of air carriers banned in the European Union.  History  Compagnie Africaine d'Aviation was founded in 1991 and started operations on 26 December 1992.  In 2013 merged with FlyCongo and formed FlyCAA.  In January 2016, the airline terminated their only international route to Johannesburg after failing to receive renewed traffic rights.  In 2020, the airline acquired an Airbus A330-200 with the stated intention of flying to Brussels, which under current European Union restrictions would require CAA to operate the service using foreign registration and crew.  Destinations  According to the August 2013 timetable, CAA operates scheduled flights to the following destinations:  Fleet  Current fleet The FlyCAA fleet consists of the following aircraft (as of October 2023):  Former fleet Over the years, the following aircraft types were operated:  A Douglas DC-8 had been purchased by CAA and painted in its colors but was never delivered and eventually scrapped at Johannesburg International Airport.  Accidents and incidents The only fatal accident involving an aircraft of Compagnie d'Aviation Africaine occurred on 4 March 2013, when a Fokker 50 (registered 9Q-CBD) crashed near Goma International Airport. Of the nine people who had been on the flight from Lodja, six were killed. There were however a number of non-fatal incidents which resulted in CAA aircraft being damaged beyond repair:  On
The Sword of Damocles is a symbolic sword from the Greek parable about the fictional courtier Damocles.  Sword of Damocles may also refer to:  Music  "The Sword of Damocles", a song from the 1973 musical The Rocky Horror Show  "Sword of Damocles Externally", a song by Lou Reed from the 1992 album Magic and Loss  "Sword of Damocles", a song from the 2014 Judas Priest album Redeemer of Souls  "Sword of Damocles" (Rufus Wainwright song), 2018 
Grobelno may refer to:   Grobelno, Poland, a village in Malbork County in northern Poland  Grobelno, Slovenia, a settlement in the municipalities of
Gabriel Kahane (born July 10, 1981) is an American composer and singer-songwriter.  Early life and education Born in Venice Beach, California, Kahane is the son of a psychologist mother and the concert pianist Jeffrey Kahane. He attended the New England Conservatory before transferring to Brown University, where he wrote his
Lalandusse (; ) is a commune in the Lot-et-Garonne department
HMS Stevenstone was a  destroyer of the Royal Navy. She was a member of the third subgroup of the class, and saw service in the Second World War. All the ships of this class were named after British fox hunts. She was the first Royal Navy warship with this name, after the Stevenstone hunt in Devon.  In 1946 and 1947 Stevenstone was part of the 3rd Destroyer Flotilla based in the Mediterranean and was repaired in Chatham in 1948. She was subsequently sold for scrap and arrived at the
The Manchester computers were an innovative series of stored-program electronic computers developed during the 30-year period between 1947 and 1977 by a small team at the University of Manchester, under the leadership of Tom Kilburn. They included the world's first stored-program computer, the world's first transistorised computer, and what was the world's fastest computer at the time of its inauguration in 1962.  The project began with two aims: to prove the practicality of the Williams tube, an early form of computer memory based on standard cathode-ray tubes (CRTs); and to construct a machine that could be used to investigate how computers might be able to assist in the solution of mathematical problems. The first of the series, the Manchester Baby, ran its first program on 21 June 1948. As the world's first stored-program computer, the Baby, and the Manchester Mark 1 developed from it, quickly attracted the attention of the United Kingdom government, who contracted the electrical engineering firm of Ferranti to produce a commercial version. The resulting machine, the Ferranti Mark 1, was the world's first commercially available general-purpose computer.  The collaboration with Ferranti eventually led to an industrial partnership with the computer company ICL, who made use of many of the ideas developed at the university, particularly in the design of their 2900 series of computers during the 1970s.  Manchester Baby  The Manchester Baby was designed as a test-bed for the Williams tube, an early form of computer memory, rather than as a practical computer. Work on the machine began in 1947, and on 21 June 1948 the computer successfully ran its first program, consisting of 17 instructions written to find the highest proper factor of 218 (262,144) by trying every integer from 218 − 1 downwards. The program ran for 52 minutes before producing the correct answer of 131,072.  The Baby was  in length,  tall, and weighed almost 1 long ton. It contained 550 thermionic valves – 300 diodes and 250 pentodes – and had a power consumption of 3.5 kilowatts. Its successful operation was reported in a letter to the journal Nature published in September 1948, establishing it as the world's first stored-program computer. It quickly evolved into a more practical machine, the Manchester Mark 1.  Manchester Mark 1  Development of the Manchester Mark 1 began in August 1948, with the initial aim of providing the university with a more realistic computing facility. In October 1948 UK Government Chief Scientist Ben Lockspeiser was given a demonstration of the prototype, and was so impressed that he immediately initiated a government contract with the local firm of Ferranti to make a commercial version of the machine, the Ferranti Mark 1.  Two versions of the Manchester Mark 1 were produced, the first of which, the Intermediary Version, was operational by April 1949. The Final Specification machine, which was fully working by October 1949, contained 4,050 valves and had a power consumption of 25 kilowatts. Perhaps the Manchester Mark 1's most significant innovation was its incorporation of index registers, commonplace on modern computers.  In June 2022 an IEEE Milestone was dedicated to the "Manchester University "Baby" Computer and its Derivatives, 1948-1951".  Meg and Mercury As a result of experience gained from the Mark 1, the developers concluded that computers would be used more in scientific roles than pure maths. They therefore embarked on the design of a new machine which would include a floating-point unit; work began in 1951. The resulting machine, which ran its first program in May 1954, was known as Meg, or the megacycle machine. It was smaller and simpler than the Mark 1, as well as quicker at solving maths problems. Ferranti produced a commercial version marketed as the Ferranti Mercury, in which the Williams tubes were replaced by the more reliable core memory.  Transistor Computer Work on building a smaller and cheaper computer began in 1952, in parallel with Meg's ongoing development. Two of Kilburn's team, Richard Grimsdale and D. C. Webb, were assigned to the task of designing and building a machine using the newly developed transistors instead of valves, which became known as the Manchester TC. Initially the only devices available were germanium point-contact transistors, less reliable than the valves they replaced but which consumed far less power.  Two versions of the machine were produced. The first was the world's first transistorised computer, a prototype, and became operational on 16 November 1953. "The 48-bit machine used 92 point-contact transistors and 550 diodes". The second version was completed in April 1955. The 1955 version used 250 junction transistors, 1,300
Uyen Sinwa Nhpan Ja Ra (; 1932 − 9 January 2023) was a Kachin classical singer who is regarded as the 'mother of Kachin art'.  Career Uyen sang the song of honor at the signing of the Panglong Agreement in 1947. In 1948, she became the first Kachin national classical songwriter. In 1969–1974,
Azerbaijan is a country in the Caucasus region, situated at the juncture of Eastern Europe and West Asia. Three physical features dominate Azerbaijan: the Caspian Sea, whose shoreline forms a natural boundary to the east; the Greater Caucasus mountain range to the north; and the extensive flatlands at the country's center. About the size of Portugal or the US state of Maine, Azerbaijan has a total land area of approximately 86,600 square kilometers, less than 1% of the land area of the former Soviet Union. Of the three Transcaucasian states, Azerbaijan has the greatest land area. Special administrative subdivisions are the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic, which is separated from the rest of Azerbaijan by a strip of Armenian territory, and the Nagorno-Karabakh Autonomous Region, entirely within Azerbaijan. The status of Nagorno-Karabakh is disputed by Armenia, but is internationally recognized as territory of Azerbaijan.  Located in the region of the southern Caucasus Mountains, Azerbaijan borders the Caspian Sea to the east, Georgia and Russia to the north, Iran to the south, and Armenia to the southwest and west. A small part of Nakhchivan also borders Turkey to the northwest. The capital of Azerbaijan is the ancient city of Baku, which has the largest and best harbor on the Caspian Sea and has long been the center of the republic's oil industry.  Topography and drainage  The elevation changes over a relatively short distance from lowlands to highlands; nearly half the country is considered mountainous. Notable physical features are the gently undulating hills of the subtropical southeastern coast, which are covered with tea plantations, orange groves, and lemon groves; numerous mud volcanoes and mineral springs in the ravines of Kobustan Mountain near Baku; and coastal terrain that lies as much as twenty-eight meters below sea level.  Except for its eastern Caspian shoreline and some areas bordering Georgia and Iran, Azerbaijan is ringed by mountains. To the northeast, bordering Russia's Dagestan Autonomous Republic, is the Greater Caucasus range; to the west, bordering Armenia, is the Lesser Caucasus range. To the extreme southeast, the Talysh Mountains form part of the border with Iran. The highest elevations occur in the Greater Caucasus, where Mount Bazardüzü rises 4,466 meters above sea level. Eight large rivers flow down from the Caucasus ranges into the central Kura-Aras Lowlands, alluvial flatlands and low delta areas along the seacoast designated by the Azerbaijani name for the Mtkvari River (Kura) and its main tributary, the Aras. The Mtkvari, the longest river in the Caucasus region, forms the delta and drains into the Caspian a short distance downstream from the confluence with the Aras. The Mingechaur Reservoir, with an area of 605 square kilometers that makes it the largest body of water in Azerbaijan, was formed by damming the Kura in western Azerbaijan. The waters of the reservoir provide hydroelectric power and irrigation of the Kura-Aras plain. Most of the country's rivers are not navigable. About 15% of the land in Azerbaijan is arable.  Mountains The country's highest peak, Bazardüzü, rises to 4,485 m in this range at the Azerbaijan-Russia border.  Climate  Temperature The climate varies from subtropical and humid in the southeast to subtropical and dry in central and eastern Azerbaijan, continental and humid in the mountains, and continental and dry in Nakhchivan. Baku, on the Caspian, enjoys mild weather that averages  in January and  in July.  Precipitation Physiographic conditions and different atmosphere circulations admit 8 types of air currents including continental, sea, arctic, tropical currents of air that formulates the climate of the Republic. The maximum annual precipitation falls in Lenkeran (1,600 to 1,800 mm.) and the minimum in Absheron (200 to 350 mm.). The maximum daily precipitation of 334 mm was observed at the Bilieser Station in 1955.  Environmental problems  Air and water pollution are widespread and pose great challenges to economic development. Major sources of pollution include oil refineries and chemical and metallurgical industries, which in the early 1990s continued to operate as inefficiently as they had in the Soviet era. Air quality is extremely poor in Baku, the center of oil refining. Some reports have described Baku's air as the most polluted in the former Soviet Union, and other industrial centers suffer similar problems.  The Caspian Sea, including Baku Bay, has been polluted by oil leakages and the dumping of raw or inadequately treated sewage, reducing the yield of caviar and fish. In the Soviet period, Azerbaijan was pressed to use extremely heavy applications of pesticides to improve its output of scarce subtropical crops for the rest of the Soviet Union. The continued regular use of the pesticide DDT in the 1970s and 1980s was an egregious lapse, although that
In Māori mythology, Tāwhaki is a semi-supernatural being associated with lightning and thunder.  Genealogy The genealogy of Tāwhaki varies somewhat in different accounts. In general, Tāwhaki is a grandson of Whaitiri, a cannibalistic goddess who marries the mortal Kaitangata (man-eater), thinking that he shares her taste for human flesh. Disappointed at finding that this is not so, she leaves him after their sons Hemā and Punga are born and returns to heaven. Hemā is the father of Tāwhaki and Karihi. Tāwhaki grows up to be handsome, the envy of his cousins, who beat him up and leave him for dead. He is nursed back to health by his wife, who feeds the fire that warms him with a whole log of wood. In memory of this incident, their child is named Wahieroa (Long-piece-of-firewood) (Biggs 1966:450). In some versions Tawhaki is the father of Arahuta. She was the cause of a quarrel between her parents, and her mother Tangotango took her to heaven, where they were afterwards joined by Tāwhaki.  Avenges his father Hemā, while looking for a gift for his son, trespasses into the land of the Ponaturi, who are evil beings. They capture him and Urutonga, blinding Hemā in the process. While journeying to rescue his parents, Tāwhaki meets and marries Hinepiripiri, to whom is born their son, Wahieroa. Tāwhaki and his brother Karihi rescue their enslaved mother, who tells them that light is fatal to the Ponaturi. Eventually, with the help of their mother, they trick the Ponaturi, who have returned to their house to sleep. Tāwhaki and his brother hide, after having blocked up all the chinks of the house so that no light can enter. When the Ponaturi begin to think that the night is very long, Urutonga reassures them that there is still a long time until dawn comes. They then set fire to the house, and open the door. The Ponaturi are killed by the fire and the exposure to the sunlight. The only survivors are Tonga-Hiti and Kanae.  Climbs into the heavens Tāwhaki and his young brother set off to climb up to the sky. At the foot of the ascent they find their grandmother, Whaitiri, now blind, who sits continually counting the tubers of sweet potato or taro that are her only food. Whaitiri is the guardian of the vines that form the pathway into the sky. The brothers tease her by snatching them away, one by one, and upsetting her count. Eventually, they reveal themselves to her and restore her sight. In return, she gives them advice about how best to make the climb into the sky. Karihi tries first, but makes the
Parafrigoribacterium mesophilum is a species of bacteria from the family Microbacteriaceae which has
Rœulx () is a commune in the Nord
Ekkachai Nophajinda () or pen name Yor Yoeng () (June 21, 1953 – March 6, 1997) was a famous Thai sport journalist, columnist, television personality from Channel 7 (Thailand) and chairman businesspeople of Siam Sport Syndicate.  Biography He was born on June 21, 1953, in Bangkok. He was son of Praithoon and Urai Nophajinda, he was a younger-brother as Tarawut Nophajinda.  He was work for sport journalist and columnist between 1974 and 1997 and he was married with Yuree Weerasukhon in 1986,
Scheggia e Pascelupo is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Perugia in the Italian region Umbria, located about 40 km northeast of Perugia. The municipal seat is located in the main village of Scheggia, just below Scheggia Pass on Route SS/SR 3 Flaminia, following the ancient Via Flaminia.  History The site was a Roman Mansio (an official stopping place) named Mutatio ad Hensem on the Via Flaminia, at the crossing with the path Gubbio – Sassoferrato, which here crossed the Appennini. Near the pass, according to the Tabula Peutingeriana, lay the temple of Jupiter Apenninus, one of the largest sanctuaries of the Umbrians, of which no traces have been found so far.   In the 12th century the village was a possession of the Hermitage of Fonte Avellana, founded by Saint Romuald on the slope of Monte Catria. This retreat later became a large Benedictine monastery, which ruled on the whole territory around Scheggia. Later the village became a possession of Perugia and then of the Montefeltro, until it became part of the Papal States.  In 1444 near the village were possibly found the Iguvine Tablets, the most important document of the Umbrian language.   Pascelupo, autonomous municipality until 1878, merged with Scheggia forming the
Rubus ucetanus is a rare North American species of flowering plants in the rose family. It is found only near Tampa Bay in the state of Florida in
Renée-Marie-Hélène-Suzanne Briet (; ; 1 February 1894 - 1989), known as "Madame Documentation," was a librarian, author, historian, poet, and visionary best known for her treatise Qu'est-ce que la documentation? (What is Documentation?), a foundational text in the modern study of information science. She is also known for her writings on the history of Ardennes and the poet Arthur Rimbaud.  Her treatise Qu'est-ce que la documentation? offers a vision of documentation that moves beyond Paul Otlet's emphasis on fixed forms of documents, such as the book, toward "an unlimited horizon of physical forms and aesthetic formats for documents and an unlimited horizon of techniques and technologies (and of 'documentary agencies' employing these) in the service of multitudes of particular cultures." Like many early European Documentalists, Briet embraced modernity and science. However, her work made a difference to modernism and science through the influence of French post-structuralist theorists and her strong orientation toward humanistic scholarship. She subsequently ushered in a second generation of European Documentation and introduced humanistic methods and concerns, especially semiotics and cultural studies, to information science.  Although Briet had been highly regarded throughout much of her career—the Grand Cross of the Légion d'honneur was conferred on her in 1950 — she was largely forgotten in her later life, until her death in 1989, when scholars found a renewed interest in her ideas. Today scholars often credit Briet as a visionary, having laid the foundation for contemporary frameworks and methodologies in information science roughly 50 years earlier. "Her modernist perspective," writes Michael Buckland, "combined with semiotics, deserves attention now because it is different from, and offers an alternative to, the scientific, positivist view that has so dominated information science and which is increasingly questioned."  Early life  Suzanne Briet was born in Paris, France, on 1 February 1894, coming of age at a time of great social change and economic loss in France after World War I. Although Briet grew up in Paris, she remained attached to her birthplace and ancestral home. Briet was only 20 at the outbreak of the war. Ardennes was the pathway of German armies invading France, and during the hostilities her uncle was deported, his village was invaded, and her grandfather's house was destroyed. Historians have suggested that perhaps because of her experiences during the war, as well as her travels to England as a child, Briet took an early interest in the League of Nations, sitting in on some of the sessions held in Paris, and the founding of other international organizations. Briet's mother expected her to become a teacher. Briet's family sent her to Ecole de Sèvres, an elite women's school for training secondary school teachers, where she earned a degree in history and qualified to teach English and history. After teaching in Algeria from 1917 to 1920, Briet pursued a career in librarianship. She studied with Louis Barrau-Dihigo at the Sorbonne, who was apparently so taken with Briet's talents that "when Briet explained that she could only participate on Saturday, he changed the time of the course to accommodate her." At age 30 in 1924, Briet was one of the first of three women appointed as professional librarians at the Bibliothèque Nationale.  Career Briet's career at the Bibliothèque  Nationale witnessed major changes in the library profession. Briet played a central role in the "modern library" movement, which eschewed elitist traditions that had dominated many libraries in favor of "modern" ideas of librarianship. In addition to technological innovations, Briet saw the emergence of documentation as a distinct profession with its own techniques, standards and training. Women also entered the professional classes in France in increasing numbers during World War II, growing from only 10% of the library profession in 1927 to 50% by the end of the war. Her main achievements during these years were symbolic of her interest in service and modernization. Between 1934 and 1954, Briet created and supervised the Salle des Catalogues et Bibliographies, making available materials throughout France that had been previously restricted to most patrons. By 1931 she co-founded (with chemist Jean Gérard) the Union Française des Organismes de Documentation, the French analogue of the American Documentation Institution, today known as the American Society for Information Science and Technology.  During World War II, Briet witnessed many of her colleagues deported during the German occupation of Paris and others arrested as communists. Despite a climate of fear, censorship, oppression and physical hardship, Briet made sure to carry out the catalog and bibliographic services of the Bibliothèque  Nationale. During the war,
Limarí may refer to:   Limarí Province, one of three provinces of the Chilean region of Coquimbo Region  Limarí River, a river
The following are statistics of Primera División de México, the premier soccer division in Mexico, for the 1994–95 season.  Overview  It was contested by 19 teams, and Necaxa won
Peggy is an armed yacht built in June, 1789 for George Quayle (1751–1835), MHK, a prominent politician and banker on the Isle of Man. She is the oldest surviving Manx craft and is one of only a very few surviving vessels built in the 18th century.  For over one hundred years following Quayle's death, Peggy was interred within the boathouse he built for her, effectively forgotten. Interest in her grew during the 20th century, and after WWII she was given to the people of the Isle Man to be held in trust by Manx National Heritage. She remains preserved in the boathouse, now part of The Nautical Museum in Castletown, on the Isle of Man.  She is clinker-built and was schooner rigged with a bowsprit. A set of her spars is preserved with her, along with her armaments (six cannon and two stern chasers) and the winding gear employed to draw her into the boathouse. She is the oldest surviving schooner in the world and the oldest surviving example of the shallop hull form. She was fitted with sliding keels (progenitors of the modern daggerboard) not long after the invention of the technology by John Schank, and she is the oldest surviving example of such a vessel.  Well-known correspondence between George Quayle and his brother, in the Manx National Archive, describes an expedition in 1796 over sea and land to Windermere, Peggys victory in a regatta there, and her perilous journey home, aided by her sliding keels.  Peggy has been surveyed three times, first by P.J. Oke in 1935 of the Society for Nautical Research (drawings now residing at the National Maritime Museum in Greenwich, London), then by Mr Richard Cowley of Kirk Michael, Isle of Man, and most recently in 1968 by D. K. Jones at the behest of Manx National Heritage. Basil Greenhill, then Director of the National Maritime Museum, took a keen interest in her around this time. Peggy is now recognized as a vessel of international significance, which is reflected in her citation on the UK National Historic Ships Register (National Historic Fleet). Her well-documented provenance, her fine state of relative preservation, her historic location and her design all contribute to this.  Conservation  Upon the death of Emily Quayle in 1935, Peggy and, in due course, George Quayle's boathouse, were bequeathed to the Manx nation. In 1950, with help from the Carnegie Trust, the Manx Museum and National Trust (as was) undertook minor restoration of the boat and boathouse and opened the site to visitors. Peggy had been resting on her starboard side against the damp ground for 150 years. Her keel, rudder and two of her lowest strakes were replaced (the original keel remains on display in the boathouse). She was then painted inside and out. Aside from at least one more repaint in the intervening years, no further work on Peggy has been done.  Peggy is remarkably well-preserved. Recent surveys indicate that all her original paint layers are intact and that well over 95% of her timbers and fixings date from the 18th century. Nonetheless the damp conditions in the boathouse, which is subject to tidal flooding, have taken their
The Electoral district of County of Camden was an electorate of the New South Wales Legislative Council at a time when some of its members were elected and the balance were appointed by the Governor.  The 1851 Electoral Act increased the number of members in the Council from 36 to 54, 18 to be appointed and 36 elected. From this time the district was split into two divisions each returning one member; the Eastern division of the County of Camden and the Western division of the County of Camden. In 1856 the unicameral Legislative Council was abolished and replaced with an elected Legislative Assembly and an appointed Legislative Council. The district was represented by the Legislative Assembly electorates of Eastern Division of Camden and Western Division of Camden.  Members  James Macarthur went on to represent Western Camden in the Legislative Assembly from 1856 while Henry Osborne represented Eastern Camden.  Election results  1843  1845
The 2020 Queensland state election was held on 31 October to elect all 93 members to the Legislative Assembly of Queensland. The Labor Party was returned to government for a third-term, led by incumbent premier Annastacia Palaszczuk. With 47 seats needed to form a majority government, Labor won 52 seats, including all but five in Brisbane, while the Liberal National Party won 34 seats and formed opposition. On the crossbench, Katter's Australian Party retained its 3 seats, the Queensland Greens picked up South Brisbane for a total of 2, Pauline Hanson's One Nation retained Mirani and independent Sandy Bolton retained her seat of Noosa.  At 11pm on 31 October, Liberal National Party leader Deb Frecklington conceded defeat, congratulating Palaszczuk on the election. Frecklington initially indicated that she would stay on as party leader, but on 2 November announced that she would convene a party meeting and resign as leader. David Crisafulli won the ensuing leadership spill and was elected LNP leader on 12 November 2020.  Palaszczuk became the first woman party leader to win three state elections in Australia, as well as the first Queensland Premier to increase their party's seat total across three successive elections.  Results  Vote summary  Seats changing parties Six seats changed parties in this election. Five seats changed from Liberal National to Labor, while South Brisbane changed from Labor to the Greens.  Post-election pendulum  Background   At the 2017 election, Labor won majority with 48 of 93 seats and formed government in the 56th Queensland Parliament. The LNP won 39 seats and formed opposition. Being allocated to crossbench, the Katter's Australian Party won three seats, One Nation won one seat, the Greens won one seat and Independent Sandy Bolton won the seat of Noosa.  Despite two by-elections, the composition of the 56th Parliament was unchanged, with the exception of the member for Whitsunday Jason Costigan. He was expelled from the LNP over allegations of behavioural impropriety, resulting in him joining the crossbench and eventually forming the North Queensland First party.  Labor has won all but one state election since 1989, and has only been out of government for five years since then. It lost its majority in 1996, giving way to a Coalition minority government that was defeated in 1998. In 2012, it suffered the worst defeat of a sitting government in the state's history, but regained power in 2015.  This election also marks the first time that both leaders of the current government and opposition have been female in a Queensland state election. It is only the second time it has occurred in an Australian state, territory or federal election, the first time being the 1995 ACT election.  A record number of minor parties and candidates ran in the election, 342 minor party candidates, 69 as independents or not officially endorsed by any party. Labor, the LNP and the Greens ran candidates in every electorate, Pauline Hanson's One Nation ran in 90 electorates.  Electoral system  Queensland has compulsory voting and uses full-preference instant-runoff voting for single-member electorates. The election was conducted by the Electoral Commission of Queensland (ECQ).  Of the political parties contesting the election, the party, or coalition, that win the majority of seats (at least 47) forms
Albert "Rabbit" Kekai (November 11, 1920 – May 13, 2016) was an American professional surfer and one of the original innovators of modern surfing. He was a dominant master of the sport in the 1930s, 1940s, and 1950s, and was also a winner of the Peruvian and Makaha International titles.  Early life  Learning to surf Kekai was born in Honolulu, Hawaii, in 1920, and lived with his five siblings and parents near the shore at Waikiki. He first surfed at the age of three when his uncle, a lifeguard, began to teach him how to surf, and by the age of five, Kekai was surfing on his own. As surfing became a bigger part of his life, the boy looked to role models like Duke Kahanamoku, who instructed the ten-year-old Kekai in surfing and outrigger canoeing.  Teenage years Although surfing was consuming
The London Chamber Orchestra (LCO) is a professional chamber orchestra based in London in the United Kingdom. The name has also been used by historical ensembles dating back to 1921. LCO performs at small concert halls across London and has previously toured Asia, the UK, Europe and the United States.  History The name London Chamber Orchestra was first used in 1921 by the English conductor, organist, pianist and composer Anthony Bernard. He conducted the first LCO performance, in the salon of No. 4 St James's Square on 11 May 1921.  Royal connection  LCO's patron is Queen Camilla. The London Chamber Orchestra performed at the wedding of Prince William and Catherine Middleton at Westminster Abbey on 29 April 2011. The special programme of music was conducted by Christopher Warren-Green. Music played at the royal wedding was recorded and released digitally by Decca Records on 5 May 2011.  'Longest established' claim  LCO often describes itself as the UK's 'longest established' or 'longest standing' chamber orchestra, however fellow London orchestra, the London Mozart Players, make a similar claim. One explanation of the conflicting claims is this: although the London Chamber Orchestra name has been in use since 1921, it has been represented by a series of different, often unconnected, individuals, companies and legal entities, with several lengthy periods where no such ensemble has existed or performed.  Performances and education work The LCO has given more than 100 UK premieres, including works by Malcolm
The 1992 United States Interregional Soccer League was an American outdoor soccer season run by the United States Interregional Soccer League.  Regular season  Regulation win = 6 points  Shootout win (SW) = 4 points  Shootout loss (SL) = 2 points  Regulation loss = 0 points  Bonus points (BP): An additional one point per goal up to a maximum of three points per game.  Southeast Conference  South Central Conference  Southwest Conference  Pacific Conference  Playoffs  First round  Oklahoma City Warriors vs. Dallas Americans  Tucson Amigos vs New Mexico Chiles  Tucson Amigos defeated New Mexico Chiles: 2-0, 3-1  Atlanta Datagraphis Magic vs Memphis United Express  Atlanta Datagraphic Magic defeated Memphis United Express: 5-1, 1-0  Second round  Dallas Rockets
Christina Black is an Irish politician and community worker. A member of Sinn Féin, Black is a member of Belfast City Council representing the Court constituency and served as the 81st Lord Mayor of Belfast from 1 June 2022 to 5 June 2023.  Biography  Black received her Bachelor of Arts degree in politics from the Queen's University Belfast, followed by a Master of Science in community and social development from 2006 to 2009.  Black managed a community centre on the Grosvenor Road.  Political career  In 2018, Black was co-opted onto Belfast City Council to fill a vacancy left by the resignation of Mary McConville. In May 2019, she was elected outright on the final count in the Court constituency.  Lord Mayor of Belfast  Black was elected as the 81st Lord Mayor of Belfast in June 2022. Upon assuming the office of Lord Mayor, Black pledged to work "night and day for everyone in the city" and stated a desire to "lead an inclusive agenda of positive and progressive change".
Azumaya may refer to:  
Peleg Coffin Jr. (November 3, 1756 – March 6, 1805) was an American financier, insurer, and politician from Nantucket and Boston, Massachusetts.  Early life Coffin was born in Nantucket in the Province of Massachusetts Bay to a whaling family; his parents were Peleg and Elizabeth (Hussey) Coffin. Coffin's father was lost at sea a month after he was born. This early background led him to found and head the New England Marine Insurance Company.  Public service Coffin served in the Massachusetts House of Representatives in 1783–1784, and in
Kuwait University (, abbreviated as Kuniv) is a public university located in Kuwait City, Kuwait.  History Kuwait University (KU), (in Arabic: جامعة الكويت), was established in October 1966 under Act N. 29/1966. The university was officially inaugurated on 27 November 1966 to include the College of Science, the College of Arts, the College of Education and the College for Women. The university is the state's first public institution of higher education and research.  The university aims to preserve and transmit knowledge through scholarship, and encourage innovation and development in the arts and the sciences. It comprises 17 colleges offering 76 undergraduate, 71 graduate programs.    The university facilities are spread over six campuses, offering programs in the sciences, engineering, humanities, medical and social sciences. Students are awarded Bachelor, Master and Doctoral degrees.  In November 2015, the university organised the Kuwait Global Technopreneurship Challenge (KGTC).  Campus  The six campuses that comprise the university are Adailiya, Shuwaikh, Keifan, Khaldiya, Fintas, and Jabriya. They are minutes away from downtown Kuwait City. The main access to the Shuwaikh campus, Jamal Abdul Nassar Street, overlooks the Arabian Gulf.  In 2019, the new 490-hectare (1,211-acre) Sabah Alsalem University City located in Shadadiyah was established for Kuwait University. It consolidate six different campuses currently dispersed throughout Kuwait City.  Organization and development The university has seen its enrollment grow from about 418 to 40,000 students, faculty from 31 to 1,565, colleges from 4 to 17, and administrative and academic support personnel from 200 to more than 5,000. Kuwait University has more than 100,000 alumni serving the country and the region and some have attained prominent positions.    The strategic plan of the university is set by the government. Its executive powers are vested in the President, who heads the university, and is responsible for its scientific, intellectual, technical, administrative and financial affairs. The President oversees implementation of KU laws, bylaws and the University Council's decisions, and sustenance of institutional development through policies, plans and strategies geared to advancement.  The sphere of Presidential responsibilities finds expression in five core offices - Academics, Research, Health Sciences, Planning, and Academic Support Services, each headed by a vice president. Another executive office is the KU General Secretariat, an arm of the institutional administrative affairs, headed by the Secretary General, which together with the five Vice Presidents, constitute Kuwait University's senior leadership and executive authority.  Kuwait University academic system Kuwait University follows the Credit Hour System (approved hours), with teaching arranged on semester basis, except in the Faculty of
For the military use of the airport, see Eagle Pass Army Airfield Maverick County Memorial International Airport  is a county-owned public use airport in Maverick County, Texas, United States.
Belkıs Tombolo is a tombolo in Marmara Sea of Turkey. It is in Balıkesir Province. At  the tombolo connects Kapıdağ Peninsula to main land (Anatolia). The width of the tombolo is  and the length is . Bandırma Gulf is to the east and Erdek Gulf is to the west of the tombolo. The eastern
Harvey Marion LaFollette (September 8, 1858 – September 20, 1929) was an American teacher and educator, who as a young man, served two terms as Indiana Superintendent of
Aaron Stuart Bell (born 25 February 1980) is a British Conservative Party politician who was elected as the Member of Parliament (MP)  for Newcastle-under-Lyme in the 2019 general election.  Early life Bell was born in Dulwich, south east London, to parents Stuart and Janet Bell. He was educated at St Olave's Grammar School in Greater London, and in America at Episcopal High School in Alexandria, Virginia. He then studied at St John's College, Oxford, where he read PPE. Bell graduated with a BA in 2001.  Before his political career, Bell was a successful quizzer: he was part of the St John's College, Oxford team that were runners up in the 2000-01 series of University Challenge; he won the Krypton Factor in 2009; he was part of the Epicureans team that won Only Connect in 2010; he also won £25,000 on Deal or No Deal in 2006.  Bell worked as a trading development manager from 2003 to 2006, being employed by Ladbrokes. He was a senior trading performance analyst from 2006 to 2019 for the online betting company Bet365, and co-founded DivideBuy, a financial technology firm which employs 40 staff in Newcastle.  Political career  Bell stood in the Labour-held seat of Don Valley in South Yorkshire at the 2017 election, but was unsuccessful. Bell was elected as MP for Newcastle-under-Lyme at the 2019 general election being the first Conservative MP for the constituency in modern times.  As of 21 January 2020, he has been an unpaid member of the board of Town Deal Newcastle-under-Lyme.  Bell has benefitted from hospitality worth thousands of pounds, provided on behalf of the gambling industry. He is a member of the All Party Parliamentary Group on Gambling, has spoken out against tougher regulation of gambling and criticised measures taken by the gambling industry
Mompha divisella is a moth in the family Momphidae. It is found from southern Scandinavia to the
Bracken Ridge State High School (BRSHS) is a secondary school located in Bracken Ridge, Brisbane, Queensland, Australia. Its motto is "Strive to Accomplish". It educates grade levels seven to twelve. This school was previously known as Nashville State High School. It changed its name on
The Altmark gas field is a natural gas field located in Saxony-Anhalt. It was discovered in 1968 and developed by EEG (Erdöl Erdgas Gommern), today Neptune Energy Deutschland GmbH. It began production in 1969 and produces natural gas and condensates. The total proven reserves of the Altmark gas field are around , and daily production is slated
Alan Cripps (born 11 August 1930) is an Australian cricketer. He played two first-class matches for Western Australia in 1952/53. He also played for Randwick Cricket Club.  See also  List of Western Australia first-class cricketers  References "Ex-WA Cricketer In Combined Sydney XI", The Daily News, Perth, 29 January 1955, p 3 Outfield, "Cripps in NSW Practice Squad", The Daily News, Perth, 9 October 1953, p 7 "Cripps Will Return", The West Australian, Perth, 5 June 1953, p 17 "Cripps Will Bat For South Perth", The West Australian, Perth, 18 June 1952, p 14 "Sydney to Lose Cricketer", The Argus, Melbourne, 28 May 1952, p 9 "Cricket Colt for W.A.", The Daily Telegraph, Sydney, 28 May 1952, p 19 "Cripps Makes W.A. Team", Sydney Morning Herald, 19 March 1953, p 7 "151 Wins Match", The Daily News, Perth, 15 January 1955, p 3 "New Joint Grade Cricket Leaders: Colt's Great 110", Truth, Sydney, 13 January 1952, p 22 "Cripps century gives Randwick win", The Daily Telegraph, Sydney, 13 January 1952, p 24 "Failures For New WA Bats", The Daily News, Perth, 19 March 1953, p 19 "Cripps At Practice", The West Australian, 12 March 1953, p 20  External links    1930 births
Gare  is a village situated in Gadžin Han municipality in Serbia.
Cyril Bessy (born 29 May 1986 in Villefranche-sur-Saône) is a French former professional road cyclist.  Major results  2007  1st Overall Tour de
Order of Honor may refer to: Order of Honour (Armenia) Order of Honor (Belarus), established in 1995 Order of Honor (Georgia) Order of Honour (Greece), an award that replaced the abolished Royal Order of George I in 1975 Order of Honour (Moldova) Order of Honor (Republika Srpska) Order of Honour (Russia), established in 1994 after the dissolution of the Soviet Union Order of Kurmet, a decoration of Kazakhstan established in 1993 Order of
David R. Criswell (July 17, 1941 – September 10, 2019) was the Director of the Institute for Space Systems Operations at the University of Houston.  ISSO is the operational agent for the Houston Partnership for Space Exploration.  Criswell received a Bachelor of Science degree in 1963 (graduating cum laude) and a Master of Science degree in Physics in 1964 from the University of North Texas, in Denton, Texas.  In 1968, he received a Doctorate degree in space physics and Astronomy from Rice University in Houston, Texas.  He was an active member of the Power from Space Committee of the International Astronautical Federation and participated in IAF and United Nations Summits dealing with supplying energy to Earth.  He also served on the Board of Governors of the National Space Society, a non-profit space advocacy organization in Washington, D.C.  Views on exploiting lunar resources  For over thirty years, Criswell was an advocate for obtaining solar power from the Moon.  He proposed the large-scale construction of solar collectors on the lunar surface, using local lunar materials.  The solar energy would be converted to microwave energy and transmitted to Earth.  Criswell envisioned that this energy source would spur an unprecedented amount of global economic growth (Gross World Product increasing by a factor of 10), while having a positive environmental impact (fossil fuel-burning power plants would be decommissioned).  He pointed out that lunar-solar energy would not generate nuclear waste, and is not a finite resource (in
Richard Venture (born Richard Charles Venturella; November 12, 1923 – December 19, 2017) was an American actor. He performed in more than eighty films from 1964 to 2001. His television guest-credits include The Days and Nights of Molly Dodd, Fame, Street Hawk and Murder, She Wrote. Venture died just 31 days prior to ex-wife actress Olivia Cole, in December 2017 at the age of 94.  Venture was born in New York City.  He debuted on Broadway in Dinosaur Wharf (1951). His other Broadway credits included The National Health (1974), Chemin de Fer (1973), The Visit (1973), Murderous Angels (1971), Solitaire / Double Solitaire (1971) Double Solitaire (1971), and The Merchant of Venice (1951).  Venture wed actress Grayce Grant in 1946, and they divorced in 1971. They had four children. He was married to actress Olivia Cole from 1971 until their divorce in 1984. He and Lorraine Venture married in 1984 and divorced in 1995. He was married to Katherine Catalano-Venture in 2003 until his death in 2017.  Venture served in the United States Navy during World War II.  Filmography 
Peritrox insulatus is a species of beetle in the family
Spirit is the second studio album by English singer and actor Sean Maguire. It was released on 3 June 1996 by Parlophone Records.  Background Maguire spent most of 1995 and the beginning of 1996 recording the album while simultaneously juggling his acting career in Dangerfield.  Singles Four singles were released from the album: "Now I've Found You", "You To Me Are Everything", "Good Day", and "Don't Pull Your Love".  Commercial performance Spirit peaked at number forty-three on the UK Albums Chart.  Critical reception  Spirit received generally mixed reviews from
The Equestrian Portrait of Margarita of Austria is a 1634 portrait of Margaret of Austria, Queen of Spain on horseback by Velázquez, originally shown at the Hall of Realms of the Buen Retiro Palace in Madrid and now in the Prado Museum.  History of the work  Velázquez had been commissioned to paint a series of five equestrian portraits of the royal family, Felipe III, his wife Queen Margaret of Austria, Felipe IV, his wife Elizabeth of France and their son Baltazar Carlos. This last was smaller than those of the other family members, as it was intended to be hung on a door and therefore viewed from a lower perspective. 
Silvia Velarde Pereyra (born 25 September 1970), better known by her stage name, Sibah, is a Bolivian blues and rock and roll singer-songwriter.  Early life Sibah, whose artistic career began in 1994, is a soloist and also sings with the a cappella quintet Vozabierta. She studied business administration, has a diploma in political philosophy, and has worked in development cooperation.  Career Sibah has three CDs and one EP of her own, and two with Vozabierta. The quintet was created in 2006, and its other members are Mercedes Campos Villanueva, María Teresa Dal Pero, Julia Peredo Guzmán, and Mariana Requena Oroza.  Sibah is also part of the Bolivian women's group "Intervención poética a la música" (Poetic Intervention to Music), which seeks to promote dialogue between poetry and music, and the "Nosotras Somos" (We Are) movement, which proposes an exchange and reappropriation of women's compositions. In 2016, she participated in a recital sponsored by UN Women for the HeForShe campaign. She has also performed at  in La Paz.  She leads workshops on vocal technique, and is Bolivia's representative for the method developed in Mexico by voice researcher John Loza M., who was her voice teacher.  Sibah has presented concerts around her country and also abroad.  Work Sibah began her career interpreting diverse genres, ranging from rock and blues to cueca. Her solo albums are:   Con un poquito, 2005  In.Tenso, 2013  DesIgual, 2015  Ami nome, 2019  Awards and distinctions  Third prize for the AIDS Prevention Campaign, 1998  Representative of Bolivia chosen by the Mercosur Cultural Network, with the song "Al Amanecer",
Tsai Jeong-duen () is a judge in the Taiwan. He currently serves as the Vice President of Judicial Yuan since 13 October 2010.
Liolaemus thermarum is a species of lizard in the family Iguanidae.  It is found in Argentina.  References  thermarum Lizards of South America Reptiles of Argentina Endemic
Captain George Graham (May 16, 1770 – August 9, 1830), a Virginia planter, lawyer, soldier and politician became an early federal government bureaucrat. He served twice as acting United States Secretary of War, including during the transition between the administrations of Presidents James Madison and James Monroe (1816-1817), as well as Commissioner of the General Land Office (1823-1830) under Presidents John Quincy Adams and Andrew Jackson.  Early and family life George Graham was the eldest son of the former Jane Brent, and her merchant husband, Richard Graham, and born on May 16,1770 near Dumfries in Prince William County, Virginia. He had two brothers - John and Richard - and a sister, Catherine.  The Brent family had emigrated to Maryland more than a century earlier to avoid persecution based on their Roman Catholic religion, and moved to Virginia to avoid political problems with the Maryland establishment, despite Roman Catholic religious practices being illegal in Virginia at the time. They operated plantations using enslaved labor. In fact, fellow northern Virginia planters tolerated the Brent family's quiet religious practices, and both his great-grandfather William Brent and his great uncle Richard Brent would win election to the Virginia House of Delegates (and Richard Brent to the U.S. House of Representatives after the American Revolutionary War). Furthermore, local Anglican clergymen officiated at the marriages both of Sarah Brent and earlier her sister Jane Brent (both daughters of Richard Brent's brother, planter/lawyer George Brent). George and John Graham inherited slaves from their maternal grandfather, as their father recited in his will.  The Graham family was also respectable, although not of top rank among the First Families of Virginia, in part because Richard Graham and his brother Reginald (and Edward, who soon returned) had emigrated from Cumberland county in northern England circa 1755. Richard's father, also Richard Graham, was the third son of Reginald Graham, third baronet of Norton-Conyers, and every generation of the family would use the names Richard and George. His father Richard Graham had helped found the town of Dumfries and became a prominent local patriot in the American Revolutionary War, one of the four member delegation that requested George Washington take command of the local Independent Militia in 1774, then one of three local militia captains serving under Col. William Grayson as well as serving as a member of the local Committee of Public Safety (alongside William and Hugh Brent and others). In 1783, Richard Graham became the Prince William County sheriff, as well as its tax collector, and posted the required bond.  Virginia not providing for public education in this era, when George was 10, his aunt Sarah Brent married the prominent patriot and widower George Mason, and young George Graham went with her to Gunston Hall, Mason's plantation house, to be educated alongside Mason's two youngest sons, John Mason and Thomas Mason (1770-1800).  He and Thomas Mason were then sent to a newly established school in Fredericksburg, of which his benefactor's cousin John Mercer was on the Board of Trustees, before George Graham was sent to New York to complete his higher studies at Columbia College. He earned his degree in 1790 or 1792, then traveled to Edinburgh, Scotland for further studies.  Personal life Graham married twice. In 1803 he married the widow Mary Ann Barnes Hooe (1768-1814), the daughter of prominent local lawyer and landowner Gerald Hooe and widow (with six children) of George Mason V (his classmates' eldest brother, who had died in 1796). Mary Ann bore four additional children from this marriage before her death in 1814, of complications from the final childbirths. Although their first and last sons died as infants, their son George Mason Graham would become a lawyer, planter and officeholder in Louisiana, and their daughter Mary would become a Catholic nun (Sister Mary Bernard Graham a/k/a "Cousin Mollie" to the family) and schoolmistress at the Visitation Convent in Washington, D.C. Mary Anne Graham's final will (written six weeks before her death) gave three slaves to Richard Barnes Mason, two to George Mason Graham and several and their children to
This is a list of listed buildings in the parish of Coldstream in the Scottish
In computer science, the Tak function is a recursive function, named after Ikuo Takeuchi (:ja:竹内郁雄). It is defined as follows:  def tak(x, y, z):     if y < x:         return tak(              tak(x-1, y, z),             tak(y-1, z, x),             tak(z-1, x, y)         )     else:         return z  This function is often used as a benchmark for languages with optimization for recursion.  tak() vs. tarai()  The original definition by Takeuchi was as follows:  def tarai(x, y, z):     if y < x:         return tarai(              tarai(x-1, y, z),            
Phhir () is an Indian Hindi-language thriller film directed by Girish Dhamija, starring Rajneesh Duggal, Adah Sharma, and Roshni Chopra. The film was produced by ASA Productions and Enterprises Pvt. Ltd. and was released on 12 August 2011.  Plot The film opens with a person (presumed to be the protagonist) who goes to a guru in Manchester, who tells him that he has to pay for his crimes in this life and the next one too. That person then goes to the cellar of a Mansion called Dia Mansion, writes all that he has done on a letter, places it in a huge coffin-like box, and then shoots himself.  The next part of the film opens in modern-day UK, where the protagonist Dr. Kabir Malhotra (Rajneesh Duggal) is shown living happily with his wife Sia (Roshni Chopra). One day she goes missing without even a word. The worried doctor searches for her everywhere and questions everyone including her best friend Monica (Monica Agarwal) but does not find anything, until he comes across Disha,(Adah Sharma) a musician and sooth sayer with special powers of premonition on touching objects who does that job for free. Initially Kabir insults her and rejects her, but later on being convinced by inspector Asif Sheikh (Parag Tyagi)about her authentic powers, he agrees to take her help.  With Sia gone, Kabir reflects on everything in the past- how he found Sia, how he had fought with other men at bars who went near her, how they had a good time.  Soon Disha and the police find that Sia had gone with Monica and somebody else in a car somewhere, and that car is found abandoned. Kabir and Disha go to Monica's house, only to find that she has been murdered.  The case takes an interesting turn when Disha happens to visualize something about Sia, which she does not tell Kabir because of her fear that it would be too shocking for him to accept. Soon Kabir and his parents get a call that Sia has been kidnapped, and the kidnapper asks for 1
Jayla Rose Sullivan is an American dancer, burlesque and drag performer, transgender rights
The women's 63 kg competition in judo at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro was held on 9 August at the Carioca Arena 2.  The gold and silver medals were determined by a single-elimination tournament, with the winner of the final taking gold and the loser receiving silver.  Judo events awarded two bronze medals.  Quarterfinal losers competed in a repechage match for the right to face a semifinal loser for a bronze medal (that is, the
Sneezy Waters (born Peter Hodgson; March 1, 1945) is a Canadian folk musician, singer, songwriter and actor who is perhaps best known for his portrayal of Hank Williams Sr. in the play and film Hank Williams: The Show He Never Gave. He also works as a stagehand at the National Arts Centre in his home town of Ottawa, Ontario.  Biography He began performing in Ottawa coffeehouses in his late teens and was a member of several local rock bands, including The Children (which included Bruce Cockburn) and A Rosewood Daydream, appearing with the latter at Expo '70, in Osaka, Japan. Taking the stage name Sneezy Waters he performed during the 1970s as a street musician in Ottawa and appeared as a soloist and with his Excellent Band at folk festivals and nightclubs elsewhere in the country. Sneezy has toured extensively in Canada (including several Arctic communities), Japan, Hong Kong, Laos, Thailand, India, Denmark, Germany, the Netherlands, and the United States. He cites influences as far flung as Woody Guthrie, Frank Zappa, Philip Glass, Tom Waits, Bob Dylan, Lester Young, Charlie Parker, John Lennon, and Willie P. Bennett.  From 1977 to 1990, he assumed the role of Hank Williams in the runaway hit Hank Williams: The Show He Never Gave. The play portrays an 'imaginary concert' that the legendary US country singer might have given New Year's Eve 1952 in Canton, Ohio, had he not died en route. It was premiered in November 1977 at the Beacon Arms Hotel, Ottawa, and then presented on tour throughout Canada and in the USA until 1982. It was also staged at the O Kanada cultural exhibition in Berlin in 1983. Waters gave some 300 stage performances as Williams, and also appeared in the film adaptation of the show, a made-for-Canadian-TV-movie that first aired 31 December 1980. The show toured throughout Canada and the United States, and was part of O Kanada, a Canadian cultural festival in Berlin. The movie version of the play garnered rave reviews. In 1984. Waters received the Best Actor Award in the 3rd Festival International du Film Musical in Grenoble, France, for his role as Hank Williams. The film was also nominated for the best country motion picture in the 19th Annual Academy of Country Music Awards.  He has been featured on
Sport Clube Maria da Fonte  (abbreviated as SC Maria da Fonte) is a
Anthony Charles Telford (born March 6, 1966) is a retired professional baseball pitcher who currently works for the Pittsburgh Pirates of Major League Baseball (MLB).  As a player, the Baltimore Orioles selected him in the third round of the 1987 MLB draft from San Jose State, where he was named an All-American.  He spent nine total seasons pitching mainly in relief for the Orioles, Montreal Expos, and Texas Rangers.  Professional career  Playing career The Orioles selected Telford in the third round of the 1987 Major League Baseball Draft from San Jose State, where he had been named an All-American. (He also played collegiate summer baseball with the Anchorage Bucs in 1986 and 1987.) In his major league debut on August 19, 1990, he was credited as the winning pitcher in the Orioles' 3–2 victory over the Oakland Athletics.  In seven innings as the game's starting pitcher, Telford allowed just one hit with no earned runs.  Telford spent the bulk of his career as a middle relief pitcher with the Montreal Expos from 1997 to 2001.  In his first four seasons with the Expos, he posted earned run averages of 3.24, 3.86, 3.96 and 3.79 while pitching between  and 96 innings each season.    He played his last game in the majors with the Texas Rangers in 2002.  Post-playing career  In 2007, Telford was the pitching coach for the Aiken Foxhounds in the independent South Coast League. In January 2010, the Pittsburgh Pirates hired Telford into their newly created position of Personal Development Coordinator. In 2013 and 2014, Telford played in charity baseball games with other retired players.  Personal life A graduate of San José State University and Silver Creek High School in San Jose, California, Telford resides in Odessa, Florida.  He is a devout Christian and is married with three children.  References  External links   Anthony Charles Telford biography provided by the Baseball Almanac  Anthony Charles Telford profile provided by the Baseball Cube  1966 births Living people Aiken Foxhounds players All-American college baseball players American expatriate baseball players in Canada Baltimore Orioles players Baseball players from San Jose, California Buffalo Bisons (minor league) players Canton-Akron Indians players Edmonton Trappers players Hagerstown Suns players
Haselbech (Pronounced Hazel-beech) is a village and civil parish in West Northamptonshire in England. At the time of the 2001 census, the parish had a population of 87 people. The population remained less than 100 at the 2011 Census and was included in the civil parish of Kelmarsh.  The villages name origin is uncertain. 'Hazel-tree river valley' or 'hazel-tree ridge'.  Notable buildings The Historic England website contains details of a total of eight listed buildings in the parish of Haselbech, all of which are Grade II apart from St Michael's Church, which is Grade II*. They are: St Michael's Church, Cottesbrooke Road Orton Holding, Cottesbrooke Road The Old Rectory, Cottesbrooke Road Wall attached to north west of the Old
Our First Time (OFT) was one of the first widely popularized Internet hoaxes. Eighteen-year-olds "Mike" and "Diane" made a public announcement declaring their intention to lose their virginity.  The event would be broadcast live on ourfirsttime.com, so visitors could share the "experience".  OFT, which promoted itself as a free public service educational website, followed Mike and Diane day by day from July 18 to July 21, 1998, through HIV tests, condom selection, and telling their parents about their decision.  So many millions of people attempted to view the site that the server crashed. The Internet Entertainment Group agreed to host it in exchange for links to their pornographic content.  Over time, some began to suspect it was a hoax.
JLA: Shogun of Steel is a prestige format comic book one-shot from DC's Elseworlds imprint, published in
The Evelyn tables are a set of four anatomical preparations on wooden boards that are thought to be the oldest anatomical preparations in Europe.  They were acquired by John Evelyn in Padua in 1646 and later donated by Evelyn to the Royal Society.  They are currently owned by the Royal College of Surgeons, and displayed there at the Hunterian Museum in London.  Six similar tables are held by Royal College of Physicians, brought to London from Italy by John Finch.  Each table displays a different part of the human body - arteries, nerves, veins - dissected out from a human specimen and glued to a wooden board made from pine planks, planed and glued together, with the whole covered with several coats of varnish.  Each table is approximately  high,  wide, and  thick.  The first table displays the spinal cord and nerves; the second shows the aorta and the arteries; the third shows the vagi and sympathetic nerves, and the veins of the lungs and the liver; and the fourth shows the distribution of the veins.  Evelyn spent several years outside England in the 1640s, during the English Civil War.  His Diary records a visit to Padua
Frederick Joseph (Fred) Miller (4 January 19261 May 1992) was an Australian politician and member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly from 1981 until 1984. He was a member of the Labor Party (ALP).  Miller was born in Surry Hills, in inner Sydney. He was educated at Sydney Technical College and worked as a plumber employed by South Sydney Council and the New South Wales Department of Health. He was a member of the Sydney
Jean-Frédéric Chapuis (born 2 March 1989) is a French freestyle skier. He won the gold medal at the 2013 FIS Freestyle World Ski Championships in ski cross. He repeated
Martin Gassner-Herz (born 16 May 1985) is a German politician for the FDP and since 2021 member of the Bundestag, the federal diet.  Life and politics Gassner-Herz was born 1985 in the West German town of Tuttlingen and was elected to the Bundestag in 2021.  References  Living
Sanam Baloch Hisbani or Jatoi (, ) (born 14 July 1986) credited as Sanam Baloch  is a Pakistani actress and television presenter. She has hosted various television  shows such as; Sanam Small Room on KTN and the morning show on Samaa TV. As an actress, she has starred in critically acclaimed drama series, such as Dastaan (2010) and Durr-e-Shehwar (2012).  Personal life Baloch married her colleague  Abdullah Farhatullah on 12  October 2013 in a simple nikah ceremony in Karachi. Farhatullah is a singer,   songwriter and host. They had met while working for Samaa TV and had been good friends for a long time. Upon her marriage, Baloch changed her name to Sanam Abdullah. Baloch's PR team dismissed rumours of a divorce in April 2018.  In October 2018, Baloch confirmed that she and Abdullah have separated. Although they maintain a cordial relationship with each other, they are no longer friends.  In August 2020, Baloch confirmed news about her second marriage. Sanam has a daughter Amaya.  Career Baloch began her
Carlos Enrique Díaz Sáenz Valiente (25 January 1917
Lan Kwai Fong () is a 2011 Hong Kong film directed by Wilson Chin, starring Shiga Lin, Zo, Jeana Ho, Jason Chan, Gregory Wong and Dada Chan.  The film dwelt with subjects that were  considered to be "daring" in Hong Kong at the time. The film takes place in the Lan Kwai Fong square, a place known for its bars, nightclubs, neon lights and luxurious appearance. It is considered one of the more famous areas of the city.  The film explores the lavish lifestyle of a group of wealthy young people. The film was deliberately cast with young actors and actresses to have a real feel. The story also looks at nightlife in Lan Kwai Fong, the ubiquity of temptation and the opened notions about love and sex in Hong Kong today, depicting the love stories of three playboys—bar manager Jacky (Jason Chan), wine salesman Steven (Zo) and rich Sean Yi (Gregory Wong), with their romantic interests Jeana (Jeana Ho), Jennifer (Shiga Lin) and Cat (Dada Chan).  Plot The movie follows three budding couples who frequent the Lan Kwai Fong nightlife. The protagonists include marketing distributor Steven, club manager Jacky, Lan Kwai Fong (flight attendants) Jennifer and Jeana, local man Cat, and lawyer Sean.  Steven and Jennifer: Jennifer and Jeana are introduced to the Lan Kwai Fong club scene by their friend and co-worker Lin Lin. Steven who sees Jennifer outside the club is instantly attracted to her and the same goes for her, but once in the club Jennifer is pulled away to meet Lin Lin's rich friend Andy Lau from Shanghai. As Jennifer is calling for a taxi to go home she runs into a drunk Steven in the streets and helps him home. After a late night of further drinking together Steven ask if Jennifer could stay over being it's so late. What started out as a platonic sleepover eventually leads to sex. The next morning sensing love, Steven ask to see Jennifer again. The two eventually have a somewhat relationship, but due to misunderstandings and trust issues they have a huge fight on New Year's with Jennifer disappearing from Steven's life. The two run into each other several months later at a birthday party where Steven finds out Jennifer is now his boss Leslie's girlfriend, devastated he moves on. While on a date with his new girlfriend Nana he runs into Jennifer and Leslie and finds out that the two are now engaged, heartbroken he request to leave right away which leads to a fight with Nana. Leslie promotes Steven to their Australia head office, but on the same night he finds Leslie cheating on Jennifer and beats him up. At Sean and Cat's wedding party Steven finds out Leslie and Jennifer have broken up, not wanting to miss another chance he runs through the streets of Hong Kong searching for Jennifer to tell her how he truly feels about her.  Jacky and Jeana: Club manager Jacky tags along to help Steven fix Lin Lin's friend Andy, but becomes interested in Jeana and wants to get to
Ilen Rovers is a Gaelic football club in County Cork, Ireland.  The club is affiliated to Cork GAA and Carbery GAA divisional boards. Ilen Rovers is located in a rural community that is located on the River Ilen, the river that flows through Skibbereen before entering the sea near the fishing port of Baltimore, the gateway to the islands of Sherkin, Cape Clear and Heir. The club crest depicts this rural geographical area showing the Beacon to the south and Kilcoe castle to the west with the Ilen flowing between and the sea beyond.  History The club was founded in 1973. It comprises players from the parish of Rath and the Islands and the parish of Aughadown, the two parishes that bound the river estuary. In the club's first year, three teams were affiliated under 14, under16 & minor. In the club's first year they the SW minor B championship.  The following season, the club entered additional teams, in the under 21 and junior B category,  with the under 21s losing the SW championship final.  They were runners up in the same competition in 1975, before winning this championship at the third attempt in 1976. The junior team achieved less, losing in the first round of the junior B championship from 1974-1982. The junior team won the championship in 1983, before losing for the next 4 consecutive years, and were regraded in 1988.  The Junior B championship was won again that year, and the team reached its first county final, but lost to Abbey Rovers.   The early 1990s saw a lack of victories for the club, until 1995, when the minor team won league and championship double, and followed this with Cork Minor B Football Championship honours, beating Newtownshandrum in both league and championship finals. In the following year, 1996, the club won its first West Cork Junior A Football championship in its first final appearance.  A second junior A title was won in 1999 and three SW junior A titles were won in a row, 1999, 2000 & 2001.  It was a setback to lose the Cork Junior Football Championship final in 1999 by a point to Youghal, but 2001 yielded dividends capturing the title by overcoming Kinsale. The first year up in the intermediate grade, 2002, was a successful one, winning the county league title and also the All Ireland junior 7 a-side. They returned the following year to win the Cork Intermediate Football Championship, beating Carrigaline in the final.  This was followed up by winning the inaugural Munster Intermediate Club Football Championship in this grade, beating St Senan's of Limerick in the provincial decider and the first All-Ireland Intermediate Club Football Championship title by defeating St Michael's of Donegal.  The Under 16's went on to win the club's first ever SW championship at this grade in 2005, and followed it up with victories in 2006 & 2007, to complete the club's second
Simina is a village in Kamrup rural district, situated near south bank of river Brahmaputra.  Transport The village is near National Highway 37 and connected to nearby towns and cities with regular buses and other modes of transportation.  Schools Anchalik High School is a high school that serves the Simina village.  See also 
Kim Scott (born 18 February 1957) is an Australian novelist of Aboriginal Australian ancestry. He is a descendant of the Noongar people of Western Australia.  Biography   Scott was born in Perth in 1957 and is the eldest of four siblings with a white mother and an Aboriginal father.   Scott has written five novels and a children's book, and has had poetry and short stories published in a range of anthologies. He began writing shortly after becoming a secondary school teacher of English.  His teaching experience included working in urban, rural Australia and in Portugal. He spent some time teaching at an Aboriginal community in the north of Western Australia, where he started to research his family's history.  His first novel, True Country, was published in 1993 with an edition published in a French translation in 2005. His second novel, Benang, won the Western Australian Premier's Book Awards 1999, the Miles Franklin Award 2000, and the Kate Challis RAKA Award 2001. Both novels were influenced by his research and seemed to be semi-autobiographical. The themes of these novels have been said to "explore the problem of self-identity faced by light-skinned Aboriginal people and examine the government's assimilationist policies during the first decades of the twentieth century".  Scott was the first indigenous writer to win the Miles Franklin Award for Benang, which has since been published in translation in France and the Netherlands.  His book, Kayang and Me, was written in collaboration with Noongar elder Hazel Brown, his aunt, and was published in May 2005. The work is a monumental oral-based history of the author's family, the south coast Noongar people of Western Australia.  His 2010 novel That Deadman Dance (Picador) explores the lively fascination felt between Noongar, British colonists and American whalers in the early years of the 19th century. On 21 June 2011, it was announced that Scott had won the 2011 Miles Franklin Award for this novel. Scott also won the 2011 Victorian Premier's Prize for the same novel.  Scott was appointed Professor of Writing in the School of Media, Culture and Creative Arts of Curtin University in December, 2011. He is a member of The Centre for Culture and Technology (CCAT), leading its Indigenous Culture and Digital Technologies research program.  Scott lives in Coolbellup, a southern suburb of Fremantle, Western Australia, with his wife and two children.  Awards  1999 – Western Australian Premier's Book Awards, Fiction Award for Benang: From the Heart  2000 – (joint winner) Miles Franklin Literary Award for Benang: From the Heart  2001 – The Kate Challis RAKA Award for Creative Prose for Benang: From the Heart  2011 – Commonwealth Writers' Prize, Best Book south-east Asia and the Pacific, for That Deadman Dance  2011 – Miles Franklin Literary Award for That Deadman Dance  2011 – ALS Gold Medal for That Deadman Dance  2011 – Western Australian Premier's Book Awards, Fiction Award and Premier's Prize for That Deadman Dance  2018 – Queensland Literary Awards, University of Queensland Fiction Book Award for Taboo  2019 – Victorian Premier's Literary Award for Indigenous Writing, for Taboo 2019 – shortlisted for 2019 Adelaide Festival Awards for Literature, Fiction, for Taboo 2020
Phumza Maweni (born September 4, 1984) is a South African netball player in the Netball Superleague in the UK, representing Team Bath Netball.  Maweni was raised in Cala, in the Eastern Cape of South Africa. She went on to compete for the Kingdom Stars and Southern Stings in the South African Brutal Fruit Netball Cup and has also played several seasons in England's Netball Superleague, first for the Loughborough Lightning and later for the Severn Stars. Maweni's exceptional form in the local South African league led to national team coach Norma Plummer calling on her to be signed by foreign clubs in higher profile leagues. She has featured for the South Africa national netball team on several occasions, most notably in the 2018 Commonwealth Games.  She was signed by the Sunshine Coast Lightning in Australia ahead of the 2019 season and spent three seasons with the Suncorp Super Netball club, playing all 47 matches. She then signed for Team Bath Netball in England in December 2021 and will play for them during the 2022 Superleague season.  References  External links  Sunshine Coast Lightning profile  Suncorp Super Netball profile  Netball Draft Central profile  1984 births South African netball players Netball Superleague players Netball players at the 2018 Commonwealth Games Sunshine Coast Lightning players Living people 2019 Netball World Cup players South African expatriate netball people in Australia South African expatriate netball people in England Loughborough Lightning netball players Severn Stars players Suncorp
Ezhamkadalinakkare () is a 1979 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by I. V. Sasi and produced by N. G. John. The film stars K. R. Vijaya in the lead role, whereas supporting roles were played by Soman, Seema, Ravikumar, Vidhubala, P. Bhaskaran, Henry Marsal, Janardanan and Jo Washington. It is the first Malayalam film to be shot in North America, with Manhattan being one of its locations. The song "Suralokajaladhaara" was filmed near in Niagara Falls, Ontario, Canada. This film was a remake of the Tamil film Ore Vaanam Ore Bhoomi directed by I. V. Sasi.  Cast  M. G. Soman as Soman K. R. Vijaya Seema Vidhubala Ravikumar Janardanan Reena Padmini P. Bhaskaran Henry Marsal Jo Washington  Soundtrack The music was composed by M. S. Viswanathan and the lyrics were written by P. Bhaskaran.  References  External links    1979 films 1970s Malayalam-language films Films directed by I. V. Sasi Films scored by M. S. Viswanathan Films set in Ontario Films set in Manhattan Films shot in Ontario Films shot in New York City
Route 69 may refer to:  London Buses route 69 
Carmen Romano de López Portillo (born Carmen Romano Nolk; 10 February 1926 – 9 May 2000) was the First Lady of Mexico from 1976 to 1982. She was the first wife of Mexican president José López Portillo.  Personal life and death  In the 1970s,
Kim Kyong-il is the name of:  Kim Kyong-il (footballer, born 1970), North Korean footballer Kim Kyong-il (footballer, born 1988), North
The Dutch Senior Masters is a men's professional golf tournament for players aged 50 and above which is part of the European Senior Tour. It was first held in October 2017 at The Dutch, Spijk, Netherlands. It was the first European Senior Tour event to be held in the
Miconia santaritensis is a species of plant in the family Melastomataceae. It is endemic to Panama.  It is threatened by habitat loss.  References  Endemic flora of Panama santaritensis Vulnerable
Buddy Duress is an American actor known for his roles in Heaven Knows What, Good Time, Funny Pages, and Person to Person. A native of Queens, Duress has
Mehdi Nassiri, is a renowned DJ and producer originally from Casablanca, Morocco. He has established himself as a prominent figure in the electronic dance music scene. Mednas currently holds his residency at LIV, an iconic nightclub located at the Fontainebleau Miami Beach, FL. His illustrious career has been marked by notable achievements and recognition within the electronic dance music industry. One of Mednas' standout tracks, “Ill Behavior,” produced in collaboration with CID, achieved an impressive feat by landing on the Beatport Top Ten chart. Furthermore, his musical prowess has garnered the support of influential electronic dance music artists, including Tiësto, Avicii, Erick Morillo, Calvin Harris, Diplo, Marco Carola, and Loco Dice. His remix of Parker Ighile's "So Beautiful" with Henrix was supported by Nicki Minaj. Mednas possesses a diverse repertoire within the electronic dance music genre, specializing in tech house, house, and anything house, showcasing his versatility as an artist.  Life and musical career  Early life and career  Mednas, who derives his moniker from a mix-up of his given name, Mehdi Nassiri, was born in Casablanca and raised in Marrakesh and Tangier, Morocco.  Mednas always had an innate sense of music. He went to the conservatory at an early age to learn piano, but decided to teach it to himself, along with guitar. He replayed all of his favorite songs by ear. From that time on, he fell in love with
MoIP or MOIP can mean:   Mobile communications over IP  Mobile VoIP  Modem over IP   Modem over VoIP  Media over Internet Protocol  Meetings Over IP  Messaging Over
Nabil Guelsifi (born 27 November 1986) is a French former professional footballer who played as a forward.  Career Guelsifi was born in Lille, France. He joined Belgian club K.S.K. Ronse in 2007, achieving promotion to the Belgian Second Division in his first season there. He remained at Ronse until summer 2010 when he signed for K.S.V. Oudenaarde. In 2011 he joined Al-Muharraq SC in Bahrain for six months before signing for JS Massira in Morocco. He moved to Jeunesse Esch in Luxembourg in 2013.  Honours Jeunesse Esch  Luxembourg Cup: 2012–13  References  External links  Further reading    1986 births Living people French men's footballers French sportspeople of Algerian descent Men's association football forwards Challenger Pro League players Luxembourg National Division players K.S.K. Ronse players JS Massira players Jeunesse Esch players French expatriate men's footballers Algerian
Catus may refer to:   Felis catus,
"Chimes" is a song by Scottish artist and producer Hudson Mohawke. The song gained attention after its appearance on the MacBook Air TV ad, as well as after Mohawke's success through the likes of Kanye West and with the TNGHT project.  On 21 November an official remix of the song, featuring rappers Pusha T, Future, Travis Scott and French Montana, was released as a single. The track was featured on a television advertisement called "Stickers" for the Apple MacBook Air.  Background The track was originally believed to be a collaboration with Canadian producer Lunice. TNGHT first premiered the unfinished version of the track during BBC Radio 1Xtra's Diplo & Friends in late 2012, a time which he said was before the EDM-trap trend. "That sound wasn't as prevalent then, and I just sort of made it... it wasn't really meant to be anything," he stated.  After the duo went on hiatus in late 2013.  Composition In contrast to its title, according to The Guardian, "there isn’t much that’s peaceful about [the song]." Starting off with a fairly amiable skittering drum pattern, it’s not long before the doom-laden horn synth kicks in, plus there’s a wolf barking.  The "ominous" horn lines was also favorably compared to TNGHT's "Higher Ground" and Kanye West's "Blood on the Leaves", both of which Mohawke worked on.  Critical reception Writing for The Guardian, Hannah Jane Parkinson voted the song as the week's "Best New Track", stating "If the Grim Reaper and Voldemort hooked up in a David Cronenberg film, this would be 'their song'."  Remix version A remix version called "Chimes RMX", which features Pusha T, Travis Scott, French Montana and Future, was released on 21 November 2014. Mohawke soon after debuted an interactive video which has similarities to Super Mario 64s menu screen where you can play with the performers' faces.  Usage in media After "Chimes" was already being mastered and going into manufacture, "by chance", Apple came along and
Singaporean Canadians are Canadians of Singaporean descent. There is a small community of Singaporeans in Canada, consisting largely of expatriate professionals and immigrants from Singapore and their families, as well as international students.  Migration history  During the 1970s, arrivals to Canada from Singapore numbered less than 100 per year while in the following decade, immigrants born in Singapore averaged between 200 and 400. In the years 1989–91, arrivals from Singapore approached 1,000.  Many Singaporeans are employed by Canadian companies or in the public sector, including universities. They also figure prominently among medical doctors, accountants, engineers, and architects. Approximately one-third are self-employed and have entered Canada under that category or as entrepreneurs. Most of their businesses are urban-based and often have a highly technical focus, such as computers or chemical and engineering products. Most Singaporeans in Canada tend to retain their citizenship in anticipation of possible return.  Between 1987 and 1991, some 1,500 to 1,800 Singaporean students were living in Canada.  Notable people   Justin Trudeau – Prime Minister of Canada, 5x great-grandson of William Farquhar, the 1st Resident of Singapore.  Angela Lee  Mixed martial arts extreme sport  Christian Lee  Mixed martial arts fighter  Yuen Pau Woo – Politician  Chloe Ing – Figure skater  Thea Lim – Writer  Shin Lim – Magician  Jonathan
Christopher Joseph Walker (10 July 1942 – 18 April 2017) was a British historian and author.  Life and career Walker was educated at Lancing College and Brasenose College, Oxford.  He worked in Sotheby's department of historical and literary manuscripts. After winning a Winston Churchill Travelling Fellowship in 1971 he wrote a book on Armenian history which was reissued in 1990. In 1975 with the support of "Minority Rights Group" he published "The Armenians" report (co-author - prof. David Marshall Lang). In November 1989 at Oxford University Walker had a lecture on the modern history of Armenia. He also wrote several books and articles on the history of Armenia, including the book Armenia: The Survival of a Nation, which has been described as an "excellent history of Greater Armenia" and "a balanced presentation" of the events during the Armenian genocide of 1895–1918.  After a long-time research in archives, in 2003 Walker completed his book, Life of Oliver Baldwin, about a soldier, statesman, and journalist, the son of a Conservative Prime Minister, who became a Labour member of British Parliament.  Publications The Armenians, by David Marshall Lang and Christopher J. Walker, London: Minority Rights Group, MRG
Brian Patterson (born 28 June 1937) is an Australian former cricketer. He played sixteen first-class matches for Tasmania between 1958 and 1973.  See also  List of Tasmanian
David Musil (born April 9, 1993) is a Canadian born-Czech ice hockey player who is currently playing under contract to HC Oceláři Třinec in the Czech Extraliga (ELH). He was a second round selection of the Edmonton Oilers in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.  SKA Saint Petersburg picked Musil in the first round, 12th overall of the 2010 KHL Junior Draft.  He played junior hockey in the Western Hockey League for the Vancouver Giants and the Edmonton Oil Kings. Musil was born in Canada, and raised in the Czech Republic.  He represents the Czech Republic in international play.  Playing career Musil played in the 2005 and 2006 Quebec International Pee-Wee Hockey Tournaments with a youth team from Chomutov.  Musil started his junior ice hockey career in the Western Hockey League (WHL) in a circuitous fashion, as he was initially passed over in the league's bantam draft because he was not living in Canada.  Knowing the family would soon be moving to Vancouver, his father Frank approached the Vancouver Giants about "listing" Musil to obtain his rights.  After this news became public, other teams in the WHL protested, and the league decided to hold a lottery draft specifically to determine Musil's initial destination in the league.  The Kootenay Ice won the draft, and Musil's WHL rights.  They promptly traded him to Vancouver, as Musil had made it clear he wished to play in his new hometown.  During his rookie season in the WHL, Musil played in 71 games with the Giants, scoring 7 goals and adding 25 assists.  Vancouver's director of player personnel, James
The Brotherhood of the Bomb is the fourth album by the Illbient band Techno Animal, released on 11 September 2001 through Matador Records.   While earlier Techno Animal recordings had been largely instrumental, Brotherhood of the Bomb features vocals from underground rap artists.  Track listing  Personnel  Credits adapted from The Brotherhood of the Bomb liner notes Techno Animal Justin Broadrick (credited as JK Flesh) – production
Kağan Aydınçelebi (born 2003) is a Turkish FIDE Master.  Biography Kağan Aydın Çelebi repeatedly represented Turkey at the European Youth Chess Championships and World Youth Chess Championships in different age groups. In 2013, in Budva he won the European Youth Chess Championship in the U10 age group. In 2012, Kağan Aydın Çelebi won a bronze medal in the European School Chess Championship in the U09 age group. In 2014, he won a silver medal in
Sandy Johnson is a Scottish director who has directed episodes of The Comic Strip Presents, Inspector Morse, A Touch of Frost, The Ruth Rendell Mysteries, Jonathan Creek and Auf Wiedersehen, Pet. His first full-length film was Coast to Coast (1987) written by Stan Hey and starring John Shea, Lenny Henry and Pete Postlethwaite. In Scotland he directed Leaving (1988), The Gift (1989) and The Wreck on the Highway (1990) starring Lynn Anderson.  In 1989 he directed Defrosting The Fridge, written by Ray Connolly and starring Joe Don Baker.  In the 1990s he directed
The Cantaure Formation is a geologic formation in Mexico. It preserves fossils dating back to the Neogene period.  See
Regina José Galindo (born August 27, 1974) is a Guatemalan performance artist who specializes in body art. She was born in Guatemala City.  Early work  Remarkably, for an artist who is known for the political themes of her work, Galindo grew up in a lower middle class household where politics generally, and the Guatemalan civil war more specifically, were not discussed. She attended secretarial school but her career as a secretary was not a successful one. Her work as a poet developed through attending workshops and groups which met in friends' houses, at which time she wrote the pieces that became part of her book Personal and Intransmisible.  After meeting Jessica Lagunas and Maria Adela Díaz, performance art grew in importance in her practice. Aníbal López (also known as A-1 53167) has been a good friend for Galindo, and is noted as an important influence on her work. Galindo's first performances were based upon her earlier written works.  Performances She first gave two performances in Guatemala in 1999, and gained international fame. One of her well-known acts include ¿Quién Puede Borrar las Huellas? (Translated: "Who Can Erase the Traces"), from 2003, in which she walked from the Congress of Guatemala building to the National Palace, dipping her bare feet at intervals in a white basin full of human blood as a vigorous protest against the presidential candidacy of Guatemala’s former dictator José Efraín Ríos Montt.  Another of her notable works was titled Perra (2005), in which she carved the Spanish word perra, or bitch, on her legs, in protest against violence against women.  She frequently collaborates with other art performers, including compatriot Aníbal López.  List of solo exhibitions  List of group exhibitions  In October 2008, Galindo exhibited alongside renowned artists like Tania Bruguera and Jimmie Durham at MoMA PS1 for NeoHooDoo: Art for a Forgotten Faith, an exhibition co-organized by The Menil Collection.  Between March 25 and June 8, 2014, Padiglione d'Arte Contemporanea (PAC) exhibited a selection of Galindo's work in Estoy Viva. The show was divided in five
Human rights in Kyrgyzstan improved after the ouster of President Askar Akayev in the 2005 Tulip Revolution and the installment of a more democratic government under Roza Otunbayeva. While the country is performing well compared to other states in Central Asia, many human rights violations still take place. While LGBT rights have been declining in recent years, freedom of press has been improving.  The democratic performance of the country has been declining since 2014. Corruption is still an issue in the country although it has been steadily declining since 2008.  Formerly a republic of the Soviet Union, Kyrgyzstan became independent in 1991. Remaining reasonably stable throughout most of the 1990s, the country's young democracy showed relative promise under the leadership of Akayev, but moved towards autocracy and authoritarianism by the early 2000s, achieving a 5.5 rating from Freedom House in 2000. In 2020 the country is considered "partly free" by Freedom House with a score of 39 out of 100.  In 2004, prior to the democratic revolution, Kyrgyzstan was rated by Freedom House as "Not Free," with a 6 in Political Rights and 5 in Civil Liberties (scale of 1-7; 1 is the highest). This indicated marked regression, from a 4.3 rating a decade earlier in 1994. Although the 1993 Constitution defines the Kyrgyz Republic as a democratic republic, President Askar Akayev continued to dominate the government. Serious irregularities reportedly marred 2003 a national constitutional referendum as well as presidential and parliamentary elections in 2000.  History  On September 14, 2001 the Kyrgyz Ministry of Interior declared it had implemented "passport control regime" against "pro-Islamic" activists in the southern part of Kyrgyzstan. Following the reelection of President Askar Akayev in 2003, the government reportedly "intensified" harassment of political opposition members, independent news media groups, religious groups and ethnic minorities, according to Human Rights Watch. In advance of elections in February 2005, the Akayev government reportedly increased political restrictions on Kyrgyz citizens, in order, according to some outside observers, to prevent a "democratic revolution" like the recent one in Ukraine.    Human rights under Akayev's regime in 2004 reportedly remained poor; although there were some improvements in several areas, problems remained. Citizens' right to change their government remained limited and democratic institutions remained fragile. Members of the security forces at times beat or otherwise mistreated persons, and prison conditions remained poor. Impunity remained a problem, although the Government took steps to address it during the year. There were cases of arbitrary arrest or detention. Executive branch domination of the judiciary as well as corruption limited citizens' right to due process.  In June 2005, Kyrgyz officials said that 29 Uzbek refugees who had fled to Kyrgyzstan in the wake of the Andijan massacre would be returned to Uzbekistan. The United Nations and human rights groups criticized this decision, stating the refugees faced possible torture or execution upon their return. However, on June 27, the 439 Uzbek refugees were airlifted to safety out of the country by the United Nations.  Current situation  Press freedom  Press freedom in Kyrgyzstan has been increasing since the crackdown on the media that preceded the 2017 elections and the pluralism in the Kyrgyz media landscape is exceptionally high in the Central Asian region. While performing relatively well, issues remain for journalism in the country. Sensitive government information is often inaccessible, journalists risk sanctions for covering controversial topics (like corruption) and ineffective media policy and management weaken the role of journalism in the country. Critical journalism is present in the country, but many media outlets don't cover topics that are too politically sensitive. Journalism in Kyrgyzstan, especially when related to religious topics or inter-ethnic relations, often still lack neutrality in its coverage.  Women's rights  The country  suffers from high and rising inequalities, women are largely excluded from decision-making. Violence against women is widespread and takes many forms, including domestic violence, bride kidnapping, trafficking, early marriages and physical abuse. The negative reinterpretation of some cultural and social practices increasingly restricts women’s rights to control their lives. Rural women and girls have restricted access to productive resources.  Kyrgyzstan strengthened the 2016 Family Violence Law a year later and criminalized domestic violence in January 2019. However, authorities are not consistently enforcing protective measures for women and girls, including both the Family Violence Law and a 2016 law to curb child and forced marriage. In cooperation with the United Nations Kyrgyzstan developed a policy plan to decrease gender inequality in 2013, but women still suffer from their subordinated position in society.  Bride kidnapping  As a consequence of changes in gender ideologies in Kyrgyzstan, there has been a revival and legitimation of nonconsensual bride kidnapping as a national tradition.  In this practise the groom abducts a girl off the street with a group of friends and brings her to his parents. Traditionally the women of the family will try to convince the girl to marry the boy who abducted her. Often girls have little choice, because refusing to marry often leads to being outcast by their parents. Even though in Kyrgyz law the practice is considered
An Act of Conscience is a 1997 documentary film by Robbie Leppzer about the war tax resistance of Randy Kehler and Betsy Corner and years-long struggle that ensued after the IRS seized their home in Colrain, Massachusetts in 1989, to recover $27,000 in unpaid taxes, penalties, and interest. The film premiered at Sundance Film Festival and was shown on Cinemax and the Sundance Channel. It is narrated by Martin Sheen and features cameo appearances by activist-priest Daniel Berrigan and political folksinger Pete Seeger.  Plot After the house was seized, the couple and their daughter refuse to move out and Kehler is arrested on December 3, 1991, by US Marshals and IRS agents. Community supporters move in, helping them to occupy the house. On February 12, 1992, the still-occupied house—but not the land, which belongs to the Valley Community Land Trust—is sold at auction to Danny Franklin and Terry Charnesky for $5400; the IRS had failed to receive any monetary bids at an earlier auction. The sale results in suits and countersuits between the Franklin-Charnesky family and the Land Trust. Despite the sale of the house, the Kehler-Corner occupiers refuse to leave.  However, on April 15, 1992, while Kehler, Corner, and their supporters are away, Franklin, Charnesky, and their supporters move-in and occupy the house. Kehler, Corner, and their supporters begin a lively protest and round-the-clock vigil just outside the house, eventually even building a small wooden structure to shelter the protesters. On May 28, 1993, the Franklin County Superior court issues an injunction against the Kehler-Corner protests and, subsequently, several protesters are arrested and jailed after violating the injunction. Still, the protest continues until September, when they are finally discontinued. The battle over the house is ended on December 31, 1993, when an out-of-court settlement is reached between the Land Trust and the Franklin-Charnesky family, who agree to leave the house and deed it and the land-lease to the land trust in exchange for an undisclosed sum of money.  References  External links   "The Great Anti-War Films:
The Togagawa Dam is a gravity dam on the Togagawa River (a tributary of the Shō River) near Taikanba village about  southeast of Shogawa in Toyama Prefecture, Japan. It was
John W. Coleman (January 29, 1860 – January 27, 1915) was an American right-handed pitcher in Major League Baseball who played briefly for the Philadelphia Phillies during the 1890 season.  A native of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Coleman was a major leaguer whose career, statistically speaking, was only slightly different from that of Moonlight Graham. Coleman debuted on June 23, 1890, and was charged with eight runs (including four earned) on four hits with
Prototyphis is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the subfamily Muricinae of the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.  Species Species within the genus Prototyphis include:  † Prototyphis allani (P. A. Maxwell, 1971)   Prototyphis angasi (Crosse, 1863)   † Prototyphis awamoanus (Finlay, 1930)  Prototyphis eos (Hutton, 1873)  Prototyphis gracilis Houart & Héros, 2008  † Prototyphis tahuensis (P. A. Maxwell, 1971)  Species brought into synonymy  Prototyphis (Ponderia) zealandicus (Hutton, 1873): synonym of Ponderia zealandica (Hutton, 1873)  Prototyphis paupereques (Powell, 1974): synonym of Prototyphis eos paupereques (Powell, 1974)  Prototyphis zealandicus (Hutton, 1873): synonym of Ponderia zealandica (Hutton, 1873)  References   Ponder, W.F. (1972). Notes on some
Xianshui River () — a river in Sichuan province, southern China.  Geography The Xianshui River has three river sources, the Da-chu river (Chinese characters:达曲) and Nyi-chu river (Chinese characters:泥曲). After the confluence of the two rivers in Luhuo, the name becomes the Xianshui River.  A dam and hydroelectric plant on it in Luhuo was completed in 2009.  Yangtze River The Xianshui River flows into the Yalong River at Yajiang.  Via the Yalong River confluence, the Xianshui is a tributary of the Yangtze River (Chang Jiang).  See also Xianshuihe
Emily Eyefinger is a series of children's books written by Duncan Ball and illustrated by Craig Smith. They are about a girl who was born with an eye on the end of her finger.  Emily Eyefinger (Simon & Schuster Books for Young Readers, 1992) Emily Eyefinger, Secret Agent (Simon & Schuster Books for Young Readers, 1993) Emily Eyefinger and the Lost Treasure (Simon & Schuster Books for Young Readers, 1994) Emily Eyefinger and the Black Volcano (Angus & Robertson, 2000) Emily Eyefinger's Alien Adventure (Angus & Robertson, 2001) Emily Eyefinger and the Devil Bones (HarperCollins, 2002) Emily Eyefinger and the Balloon Bandits (Angus & Robertson, 2003) Emily Eyefinger and the Ghost Ship (Angus & Robertson, 2004) Emily Eyefinger and the Puzzle in the Jungle (Angus & Robertson, 2005) Emily Eyefinger and
Raoul Lefèvre was the 15th-century French author of a Histoire de Jason (in 1460) and the Recoeil des histoires de Troyes (in 1464). Both books were translated and printed by William Caxton, and the latter, as Recuyell of the Historyes of Troye, was the first book printed in English in 1473-1474. Lefèvre was the chaplain of Philip the Good, the creator of the Order of the Golden Fleece, which was based on the classical Jason story.  The Histoire de Jason is known from 20 manuscripts and 30 different printed editions, and was translated in English in 1477 by William Caxton, and in Dutch in 1485.  Notes  External links  Illustrations of some manuscripts of the Recoeil des
James R. Edwards (born 1945) is an American New Testament scholar. His primary research interests include Biblical studies and the history of the early church, with secondary interests in the Reformation and history of the twentieth-century German Church struggle. After gaining degrees from Whitworth University (B.A.), Princeton Theological Seminary (M.Div.), and Fuller Theological Seminary (Ph.D.), and further study at the University of Zurich and the University of Tübingen, Tyndale House (Cambridge), and the Center of Theological Inquiry (Princeton), in 1997 he joined the faculty at Whitworth University, Spokane, Washington. He continues his work as Professor Emeritus of Theology.  The Hebrew Gospel and the Development of the Synoptic Tradition In 2009, Edwards advanced a controversial theory that the synoptic Gospels are partly dependent on the "Hebrew Gospel", which includes the Gospel of the Hebrews, a syncretistic Jewish–Christian text believed by most scholars to have been composed in Koine Greek, the Hebrew Gospel hypothesis of Lessing and others, and traditions of a writing of Matthew's supposed to have been written by him “in the Hebrew language” (Papias) and Hebrew Gospel of Matthew, 1385, a rabbinical translation of Matthew's gospel. Edwards argues that patristic citations from "the Hebrew Gospel" correlate more distinctly and repeatedly with sections called "Special Luke" in the Gospel of Luke than with either the Gospel of Matthew or the Gospel of Mark.  Two separate reviews were published by the Society of Biblical Literature in which the reviewers were not convinced of Edwards' thesis. John S. Kloppenborg also reviewed Edwards' thesis negatively.  Edwards also rejects the modern division, by Schneemelcher and others, of the Jewish-Christian Gospels' fragments into three or more separate lost Gospels.  Works  Commentaries  Other books  --  Articles  References  1945 births 20th-century American male writers 20th-century American Presbyterian ministers 20th-century American writers 20th-century Christian biblical scholars 21st-century American male writers 21st-century American Presbyterian ministers 21st-century American writers 21st-century Christian biblical
B-flat major is a major scale based on B, with pitches B, C, D, E, F, G, and A. Its key signature has two flats. Its relative minor is G minor and its parallel minor is B-flat minor.  The B-flat major scale is:  Many transposing instruments are pitched in B-flat major, including the clarinet, trumpet, tenor saxophone, and soprano saxophone. As a result, B-flat major is one of the most popular keys for concert band compositions.  Scale Degree Chords   Tonic - B-flat major  Supertonic - C minor  Mediant - D minor  Subdominant - E-flat major  Dominant - F major  Submediant - G minor  Leading-tone - A diminished  History   Joseph Haydn's Symphony No. 98 is often credited as the first symphony written in that key, including trumpet and timpani parts. However, his brother Michael Haydn wrote one such symphony earlier, No. 36. Nonetheless, Joseph Haydn still gets credit for writing the timpani part at actual pitch with an F major key signature (instead of transposing with a C major key signature), a procedure that made sense since he limited that instrument to the tonic and dominant pitches. Many editions of the work use no key signature and specify the instrument as "Timpani in B–F".  Notable classical compositions   François Couperin  Les Barricades Mystérieuses  Johann Sebastian Bach  Brandenburg Concerto No. 6  Luigi Boccherini  Cello Concerto No. 9, G. 482  Joseph Haydn  Symphony No. 85 (La Reine)  Symphony No. 98  Symphony No. 102  Sinfonia Concertante for Violin, Cello, Oboe and Bassoon  String Quartet Op. 76 No. 4 (Sunrise)  Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart  Symphony No. 2  Symphony No. 5  Symphony No. 24  Symphony No. 33  Piano Concerto No. 6  Piano Concerto No. 15  Piano Concerto No. 18  Piano Concerto No. 27  String Quintet No. 1  String Quartet No. 17 (Hunt)  Violin Sonata No. 32  Piano Sonata No. 3  Piano Sonata No. 13 (Linz)  Piano Sonata No. 17  Ludwig van Beethoven  Piano Concerto No. 2  Symphony No. 4  String Quartet No. 6  String Quartet No. 13  Große Fuge  Piano Sonata No. 11  Piano Sonata No. 29 (Hammerklavier)  Piano Trio No. 7 (Archduke)  Franz Schubert  Impromptu No. 3, Op. 142  Mass No. 3  Der Hirt auf dem Felsen, D. 965  Piano Sonata No. 21, D. 960  Piano Trio No. 1, D. 898  Symphony No. 2  Symphony No. 5  Felix
Joo Won Ahn (born 1993) is a South Korean ballet dancer who is currently a principal dancer with the American Ballet Theatre.  Ahn was born in Wonju. He trained at the Y.J. Ballet People Academy and Sunhwa Arts School, then entered the Korea National University of Arts in 2012. In 2013, after he won a gold medal at the Youth America
Ainbo: Spirit of the Amazon (Spanish: Ainbo: El espíritu del Amazonas; stylized as AINBO: Spirit of the Amazon), also known as simply Ainbo, is a 2021 computer-animated adventure film co-directed by José Zelada and Richard Claus, with story by Zelada. Produced by Tunche Films and Cool Beans, Cinema Management Group oversees worldwide distribution. The plot follows an adventurous girl named Ainbo, who, along with her animal spirit guides, sets out to save her jungle paradise in the Amazon from loggers and miners. The film is noted as an authentic description of the Amazon rainforest folklore.  An international co-production of Peru, the Netherlands and Germany, Ainbo was released in Ukraine on 13 February 2021, followed by the Czech Republic and Italy on Earth Day (22 April). The film was released in France on July 14, 2021, and will be distributed by Signature Entertainment for UK and Rialto Distribution for Australia and New Zealand later on September 16, 2021. Critics noted the film delivers messages and themes centered around ecology.  Plot  In the uncharted civilization of Candámo, hidden in the deepest jungles of Amazon, a 13-year-old girl named Ainbo dreams to be her tribe's best huntress. She is best friends with the chief Huarinka's daughter Zumi, whose family informally adopted Ainbo after her mother's death. However, the day Zumi is going to be crowned new queen of Candámo, Ainbo is shocked to find two animal spirits, armadillo Dillo and tapir Vaca, who claim to be Zumi's spirit guides against the Yacuruna, the mysterious curse that threatens the jungle. Ainbo runs to bring the tribe the news, but the bumbling spirits don't come to her call, making the tribe believe she is lying.  The girls' caretaker Chuni promises Ainbo to tell her about her mother, who was also in contact with spirits, but Chuni is found dead in her bed next day, and Ainbo runs away distraught. Believing Ainbo to be responsible, hunter Atok goes rogues and chases after her. Meanwhile, Ainbo is told by the spirits that she must go on a quest in order to stop the Yacuruna, which she accidentally encounters as a mysterious, western man with sorcerous powers, Cornell DeWitt, who leads a destructive logging and mining company through the
Tellurium chloride may refer to either of the following compounds:  Tellurium tetrachloride,
The Fort Washington Avenue Armory, also known as the Fort Washington Armory, The Armory, and the 22nd Regiment Armory, is a historic 5,000-seat arena and armory building located at 216 Fort Washington Avenue, between West 168th and 169th Streets, in the Washington Heights neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City. It is a brick Classical Revival building with Romanesque Revival elements, such as the entrance arch, and is currently home to the non-profit Armory Foundation, National Track and Field Hall of Fame, Nike Track and Field Center, and other organizations including the Police Athletic League of New York City.  When built in the early 20th century it was one of the first armories in New York City in the Neoclassical style, instead of the Gothic Revival mode favored during the 19th century. It was home to the 22nd Regiment of the Army Corps of Engineers, was used to give licensing exams for those who wished to become architects, engineers, nurses and so on,  and was later used as a homeless shelter. Thanks to help of Dr. Norbert Sander The Armory was restored and in 1995 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Today the building is home to "The Fastest Track in the World" as more records have been set on The Armory's track than any other facility in the world. The Armory is host to 100+ track meets annually and is one of only four World Athletics Certified Indoor Facilities in the United States.  Building Three stories high, the Armory is constructed of brick on a raised foundation with limestone and terra cotta trim. The administration building is on a fully exposed basement; the drill shed only partially. Iron bars protect the windows on the basement and first floor. The roofline is marked by a corbeled cornice and parapet with terra cotta trim.   The west (front) facade features a three-part projecting entrance pavilion flanked by four-bay sides. At the corners are square bastions with crenelated parapets in terra cotta. The entrance pavilion has octagonal bastions flanking smooth rusticated limestone voussoirs around a large sally port.  Both side elevations have nine asymmetrical bays, with round-arched windows in the second and third stories and double-hung casement windows at street level. Some on both sets have been filled in.  Behind a wooden portcullis at the rear of the sally port is the entrance, three wooden doors inside a segmentally arched stone architrave capped with a console-style keystone. It is inscribed with the words 22ND REGIMENT CORPS OF ENGINEERS NGNY. Above it is a multi-pane transom.  The interior retains much of its original finish. Rooms have terrazzo floors, glazed brick walls trimmed in terracotta. The cross-vaulted ceilings are sheathed in tiles laid in chevron patterns and have glazed terra cotta architraves at their entrances. There are bronze sconces throughout the building. A double-width staircase in fireproof steel and concrete has a curving rail. Its hallway is encircled with a wide frieze on which there are two remaining Works Progress Administration (WPA) murals.  At the north and south ends of the administration building are two large company meeting rooms. The south one features a paneled dado, beamed ceilings, hardwood floors and an intricately carved mantel flanked by two Doric columns. The north meeting room features paneled mahogany wainscoting, built-in trophy cases and a glazed brick fireplace with wooden overmantel.  The drill shed is a large barrel vaulted space with balcony on all sides allowing seating for 2,300. It has massive arched trusses and is lit and ventilated via a clerestory.  History  The 22nd Regiment traces its origins to the Union Grays, who stayed behind in Manhattan when the city's other units left for the Civil War. They helped suppress the New York City draft riots in 1863 and later saw some action on the front lines. They were one of the first units to have their own armory devoted solely to military purposes. It was located originally on West 14th Street near Sixth Avenue.  In 1890, the regiment moved to another armory on Broadway at Columbus Street on the Upper West Side. It was designed by one of the unit's members, Capt. John Leo. In 1907 the city's Armory Board held a competition for another new armory for the 22nd, to be located in the growing Washington Heights section of the city. The firm of Richard Walker and Charles Morris, whose works also included the South Ferry Building and several branch libraries in Brooklyn, won. The building was completed four years later, in 1911, at a cost of $1.16 million ($ in contemporary dollars).  The Armory building is visible behind left field and across 168th Street in later photos of Hilltop Park, the original home of the New York Yankees.  Sometime after World War II
Pteleos () is a village and a former municipality in the southern part of Magnesia, Thessaly, Greece. Since the 2011 local government reform, it has been part of the municipality of Almyros, of which it is a municipal unit. The municipal unit has an area of 118.230 km2, and a population of 2,485 in 2011.  History The area has been populated already since the prehistoric times; the ancient city of Pteleon is mentioned in Homer's Iliad, and several tombs from the Mycenean period survive between Pteleos and Agioi Theodoroi.  The current settlement lies to the north and land-inward of the ancient and medieval settlements in the area. An ancient settlement, which survived until early Byzantine times, was located on the
Otgontsetseg Galbadrakh (born 25 January 1992) is a Mongolian-born Kazakhstani judoka. She represented her country at the 2016 Summer Olympics, where she won the bronze medal in the −48 kg event.  Personal life Born in Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia, Otgontsetseg became a naturalized Kazakhstani citizen in 2015.  References  External links      1992 births Living people Sportspeople from Ulaanbaatar Mongolian female judoka Kazakhstani female judoka Naturalised citizens of Kazakhstan Mongolian emigrants to Kazakhstan Kazakhstani people of Mongolian descent Judoka at the 2016 Summer
Rubén Darío Ramirez Lezcano (born 11 January 1966 in Asunción) is a Paraguayan politician.  Biography  Education Ramirez studied economics and received a Bachelor of Science and Arts at the College St. Teresa of Ciudad del Este (Paraguay). University degree in Economics, graduated from the
Miku Takaichi () is a Japanese judoka. She competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics, winning a silver medal in mixed team.  Career Tashiro started judo at the age of 8. Her favorite techniques are Uchi mata and Ōuchi gari.  In 2009, Tashiro won the gold medal in the 63 kg weight class at the World Judo Cadets Championships. In 2010, she won the gold medal in the 63 kg weight class at the Youth Olympics and the World Juniors Championships.  In 2011, Tashiro suffered an anterior cruciate ligament injury at the Kinshuki High School Judo Tournament. The next year she returned to the tatami after long rehabilitation.  In 2013, Tashiro took a position at Komatsu Limited after graduating from Shukutoku High
News America Marketing, often referred to as just News America, was a marketing business previously owned by News Corp. It publishes SmartSource Magazine, a weekly consumer-branded newspaper insert offering advertising and coupon promotions, delivered in over 1,600 newspapers in the U.S. and is one of three companies in the United States (the other two are Valassis Communications and Insignia Systems, Inc.) that control almost all the in-store ads and grocery coupons in the United States.  One major division of the company is SmartSource iGroup, formed in 2000 from acquisitions and investments and runs the company's online couponing site, www.smartsource.com, in addition to other interactive consumer businesses like sampling and direct mail. The SmartSource brand began in 1998.  History  The News America FSI was formed when News Corporation purchased the marketing divisions of two Free Standing Insert (FSI) business competitors: Quad/Marketing Inc. and Product Movers Inc., in 1988. In 1997, News America purchased Actmedia, an In-Store marketing and promotions company that operated out
Zorqabad Rural District () is in the Central District of Esfarayen County, North Khorasan province, Iran.  At the National Census of 2006, its population was 6,831 in 1,686 households. There were 6,409 inhabitants in 1,802 households at the following census of 2011. At the most recent census of 2016, the population of
Edward Twells (1823 – 4 May 1898) was the first Bishop of Bloemfontein in South Africa from 1863 to 1869. He was the younger brother of Henry Twells. He died at the age of 70 at his house, Pembrokegate, at Clifton, Bristol.  Twells was consecrated Bishop of the Orange Free State in Westminster Abbey on 2 February 1863 under the Bishops in Foreign Countries Act 1841, and went out to the colony, in the interior of South Africa, with three priests and two schoolmasters.  In November 1863 Twells founded the Diocesan Grammar School since known as St. Andrew's School, Bloemfontein. He called for the establishment of a Missionary Brotherhood, in 1865, in response to which H. F. Beckett (Henry) left England for the Free State, in July 1867, with seven young men who would be the founding members of the Brotherhood of St Augustine of Hippo, later of Modderpoort.  In 1867, Twells went to the Lambeth Conference and was a proponent of the cause of Robert Gray, Bishop of Cape Town, in his battles with John Colenso, Bishop of Natal, over the control of the Diocese of Natal.  Twells resigned his bishopric in
Senior Colonel Karl Stellan Fagrell (21 July 1943 – 30 April 2022) was an officer in the Swedish Amphibious Corps. He served as Deputy Inspector General of the Navy from 1998 to 2001.  Early life Fagrell was born on 21 July 1943 in Lidköping Parish (Lidköpings församling) in Lidköping, Skaraborg County, Sweden.  Career Fagrell graduated from the Royal Swedish Naval Academy in Näsbypark on 27 August 1970 and was commissioned as an officer. Fagrell was awarded the Naval Academy's gold token for excellent academic results, an award that had previously only been awarded four times since 1944. He was assigned to Vaxholm Coastal Artillery Regiment as a second lieutenant the same year, where he was promoted to lieutenant in 1972 and to captain in 1973. He studied at the Swedish Armed Forces Staff College from 1976 to 1979, served in
William Stuart (7 March 1871 – 20 August 1956) was an Australian cricketer. He played in eight first-class matches for South Australia between 1899 and 1909.  See also  List of
The Costa Rica national handball team is the national handball team of Costa Rica and is controlled by the Federacion Costaricense de Balonmano and takes part in international
Plaza Zabala is a plaza in the Ciudad Vieja of Montevideo, Uruguay. In late 1878, during the dictatorship of Colonel Lorenzo Latorre, it was decided to demolish the old fort and build a public square in its place. But for 12 years this site remained a wasteland. The Plaza finally came to be established only on December 31, 1890 when the equestrian statue of Bruno Mauricio de Zabala was installed. It was sculpted by the  Spanish sculptor Lorenzo Coullaut Valera in collaboration with the Basque architect Pedro Muguruza Otaño and inaugurated on December 27, 1931.  The Plaza also now takes its name from Bruno Mauricio de Zabala, founder of the city. The monument has an oblique plan. This layout is distinctly different in an area which has streets laid in a checkerboard pattern in the historic district, marked by the gardens designed by the landscape architect French Eduardo André. It is also one of the places where fences and gates of iron are still seen in the city. The street surrounding the square is named as Ring Durango, in honor of the town Vizcaya of Durango, where Zabala was born. On its south side, Palacio Taranco, once residence of the Ortiz Taranco brothers, is now the Museum of Decorative Arts, and on its west,
Anoka-Metro Regional Treatment Center (AMRTC), located in Anoka, Minnesota, the county seat of Anoka County, provides inpatient and transitional services to patients with severe mental illness from the Twin Cities metropolitan area (Anoka, Carver, Dakota, Hennepin, Ramsey, Scott, Sherburne and Washington County). Due to overcrowding, some patients will be transferred to St. Peter's Regional Treatment Center; This is done by random selection upon intake.  The facility was previously the Anoka Asylum and in 1937 the name was changed to the Anoka State Hospital. The hospital provided care for mentally ill men starting in 1900 and for women in 1906. As a hospital for the mentally ill, until 1999, it housed thousands of patients, both male and female. It was once again renamed in 1985 to the current name.  History The hospital was founded as a state asylum in 1900 as a residence for mentally ill men and starting in 1906 for women. The city of Anoka was chosen over Hastings to help with overcrowding in mental institutions in St. Paul. Of the first 100 men brought to the asylum, 86 died and were buried on site in numbered graves. By 1948, the hospital itself was severely overcrowded, with a majority of the population being women. In the 1960s and 1970s many residents were moved out into nursing homes for better care.  In 1985 the site was renamed the Anoka Metro Regional Treatment Center. It was closed in 1999 and was given to Anoka County.  Facilities A 200-bed inpatient mental health facility Two 16-bed community based facilities Transitional community support program 3-month State mandated habitual sex offender program. No longer treating chemical dependency.  Patient services Mental health services. Individualized treatment designed to assist patients in reaching and maintaining psychiatric stability and in developing the necessary skills and supports to survive in a group home setting. The treatment center focuses on interaction with the patients working with their mental illness to achieve a level of stability. Medications may be mandatory for most clients. Services are provided in the inpatient psychiatric facility and in two Co-ed community-based apartment buildings. Community transition
Nicola Thost (born 3 May 1977) is a German snowboarder and Olympic champion. She won a gold medal at the 1998 Winter Olympics in Nagano.  Life and career
Robert Pierrepont is the name of:  Robert Pierrepont, 1st Earl of Kingston-upon-Hull (1584–1643), English nobleman Robert Pierrepont (MP) (c 1638–1681), Member of Parliament for Nottingham  Robert Pierrepont, 3rd Earl of Kingston-upon-Hull (1660–1682),
Qaleh Gardan (, also Romanized as Qal‘eh Gardan; also known as Baladeh)
The Vaca Muerta Formation, commonly known as Vaca Muerta (Spanish for Dead Cow), is a geologic formation of Late Jurassic to Early Cretaceous age, located in the Neuquén Basin in northern Patagonia, Argentina. It is well known as the host rock for major deposits of shale oil and shale gas.  The large oil discovery in the Vaca Muerta Formation was made in 2010 by the former Repsol-YPF.  The total proven reserves are around ,  and as of 2014 YPF's production alone was nearly . In February 2012, Repsol YPF SA raised its estimate of oil reserves to . The US EIA estimates total recoverable hydrocarbons from this Vaca Muerta Formation to be  of oil and  of natural gas, more than even the Neuquén Basin's hydrocarbon-rich Middle Jurassic Los Molles Formation holds. As of 2017, there were almost 500 fracking wells, one of the most fracked sites outside North America.  Geography The Vaca Muerta Formation, commonly known as Vaca Muerta (Spanish for Dead Cow), is a geologic formation of Late Jurassic to Early Cretaceous age, located in the Neuquén Basin in northern Patagonia, Argentina. Waste from the oil exploitation since 2011 has been deposited close to the town of Añelo, which is about 1,200km south of Buenos Aires.  Geology   The Vaca Muerta Shale is a continuous tight oil and shale gas reservoir of Late Jurassic (Tithonian) and Early Cretaceous (Berriasian) age. The formation covers a total area of . The shale is at a depth of about , where it has been found productive of oil and gas. Although called a shale, and with a total organic carbon content varying from 1 percent to 5 percent, the Vaca Muerta is predominately marl and consists of mature black shales, marls and lime mudstones. Formed in a marine environment with little clay and brittle rock, the deposit is  (usually over ) thick, extending throughout the basin. At the time of deposition, the Vaca Muerta was situated on the eastern margin of the Pacific Ocean.  Although the name Vaca Muerta Formation was introduced to the geological literature in 1931 by American geologist Charles E. Weaver, the highly bituminous shales in the Salado River valley in southern Mendoza were described in 1892 by Dr. Guillermo Bodenbender. German paleontologists Beherendsen and Steuer determined the Tithonian age of these shales. In several outcrop locations, the Vaca Muerta Formation has been the site of paleontological finds: the crocodylomorph Cricosaurus and possibly Geosaurus, the ichthyosaur Caypullisaurus, and the pterosaurs Herbstosaurus and Wenupteryx.  The Vaca Muerta Formation represents the most distal facies of the Lower Mendoza Mesosequence, a Tithonian–Valanginian broad shallowing-upward sedimentary cycle. In the southern part of the Neuquén Basin the Lower Mendoza Mesosequence includes the basinal deposits of the Vaca Muerta Formation (early to middle Tithonian), which to the south-southeast change to mixed carbonate-siliciclastic nearshore deposits of the Carrin Cura Formation (lower part of the middle Tithonian) and Picún Leufú Formation (middle Tithonian – lower Berriasian), and to continental deposits of the Bajada Colorada Formation of Tithonian – Berriasian age.
Özyurt is a neighbourhood in the municipality and district of Nizip, Gaziantep Province, Turkey. The village is inhabited by Kurds of the Reşwan tribe
