256
Trachelyopterus insignis is a species of catfish from the freshwater driftwood catfish family, Auchenipteridae. It is commonly found in rivers of northern South America, where it is called the chivo (lit. "goat"), the rengue, or the doncella (lit. "maiden").  Taxonomy and naming The species was formally described in 1878 by the Austrian zoologist Franz Steindachner from Colombia's Rio Magdelena. Steindachner originally placed T. insignis in the genus Auchenipterus, another group of driftwood catfishes, and it has also been moved into Parauchenipterus, which is no longer considered valid.  Description  This catfish is sexually dimorphic. At a young age the sexes differ mainly in coloration; males are mottled, females are plain. Once sexual maturity is reached, however, males grow a large dorsal spine. Males can reach a 20 cm total length.  Distribution and habitat  T. insignis is exclusively freshwater and is endemic to the lower Rio Magdalena river basin of Colombia. It lives close to the bottom of whatever body of water it inhabits and prefers as pH range of 6.0–7.2 as well as water between , temperatures common for waters at tropical latitudes  It can be found in rivers of all sizes, as well as smaller creeks and floodplains.  Behavior Like many other members of the driftwood
Megachile ypiranguensis is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae. It was described by Schrottky in 1913.
was a railway station on the Iwaizumi Line in Miyako, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East).  Lines Iwate-Wainai Station was a station on the Iwaizumi Line, and was located 10.0 rail kilometers from the opposing terminus of the line at Moichi Station.  Station layout Iwate-Wainai Station had a single side platform serving traffic in both directions. The original station building was demolished in December 2004 and replaced by a simple waiting room. The station was unattended.  History Iwate-Wainai Station opened on 25 June 1942. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of the Japanese National Railways (JNR) on 1 April 1987.  The operation of the Iwaizumi Line was suspended from July 2010 and the line was officially closed on
The Corporate Europe Observatory (CEO) is a non-profit research and campaign group whose declared aim is to "expose any effects of corporate lobbying on EU policy making". It is based in Brussels.  The team (2021) consists of 13 staff members.  Areas of work   EU decisions and policies often mirror the interests of big business, as a result of the corporate capture of EU decision-making processes. This has consequences in terms of social and economic injustice and inequality, climate change and environmental destruction. Thus, CEO has developed a particular expertise in the following EU policy areas: agriculture, food safety, energy, climate change, EU lobbying regulation, trade, investment, economy, and finance.   Corporate Europe Observatory's reports often attract the attention of media from all over the world. Recently, it gained international attention by announcing (in a joint publication with Global Witness and Corporate Accountability) that at COP26 the fossil fuel industry had the largest delegation at the summit.  With French NGO Observatoire des multinationales, CEO issued a report on Emmanuel Macron's French Presidency of the EU Council which shows how the French EU Presidency had been prepared closely with the industry, raising several democratic concerns.  CEO's work as a lobby watchdog of big pharma and big tech, has also issued significant reports, which were published in The New York Times, and Reuters.  Working in coalitions  Corporate Europe Observatory carries out research and publishes reports on corporate lobbying activities at the EU level.  CEO is one of the founders of the Alliance for Lobbying Transparency and Ethics Regulation (ALTER-EU). This coalition of over 160 civil society groups, trade unions, academics and public affairs firms monitors the influence of lobbyists on the political agenda in Europe.  In 2010 ALTER-EU published "Bursting the Brussels Bubble". This collection of articles provides an insight into decision-making in the European Union and explores some lobbying techniques.  CEO jointly organises the Worst EU Lobbying Awards, which are given to the lobby group, which uses "the most deceptive, misleading or otherwise problematic lobbying tactics in their attempts to influence EU decision-making" in a given year.  References  External links    Alliance for Lobbying Transparency and Ethics Regulation (ALTER-EU)  Worst EU Lobbying Awards  Le Monde: "Un rapport met en garde contre une présidence française de l’Union européenne « sous l’influence » des lobbies"  The New York Times: "Big Tech Turns Its Lobbyists Loose on Europe, Alarming Regulators"  Euractiv: "NGOs concerned about role of big business in preparations of French EU presidency"  Jacobin: "Big Pharma’s EU Lobbying Could Spell Disaster for Global South Vaccine Waivers"  Reuters: "EU Commission investigated over secrecy of COVID-19 contracts"  EU Observer: "EU's 'secret' vaccine negotiators: Who's dealing with Big Pharma?"  Politico: "EU border agency Frontex met with scores of unregistered lobbyists: report"  The New York Times: "Facebook Hearing Strengthens Calls for Regulation in Europe"  BBC: "COP26: Fossil fuel industry has largest delegation at climate summit"  Political organisations based
  PYTCHAir is the name given to a Boeing 727 located in the Brislington area of Bristol. The aircraft was originally a Japan Airlines passenger aircraft which first flew in 1968. It was converted into a private jet and operated by various owners including LarMag Aviation.  It was purchased in 2020 to be used as an office. The relocation was delayed until February 2021, when it was transported by road to Bonville Road, Brislington. , the fuselage is on display and used as an office, filming location and is available for charity events. It has been featured as a “quirky" and "cool" office.  In March 2022 the fuselage was covered in street art by Bristol street artsists Harriet Wood, Curtis Hylton and Hasan Kamil.  The art work drew media attention. 
Johannes Piet "Joop" van der Reijden (7 January 1927 – 3 February 2006) was a Dutch politician of the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA) and businessman.  Decorations  References  External links  Official   Drs. J.P. (Joop) van der Reijden Parlement & Politiek  
Gonez is a commune in the Hautes-Pyrénées
The Guane were a South American people that lived mainly in the area of Santander and north of Boyacá, both departments of present-day central-Colombia. They were farmers cultivating cotton, pineapple and other crops, and skilled artisans working in cotton textiles. The Guane lived north of the Chicamocha River, around the Chicamocha Canyon in an area stretching from Vélez in the south to the capital of Santander; Bucaramanga in the north. Other sources state their territory did not extend so far north. Guane, a corregimiento of Barichara, Santander, is said to have been the capital of the Guane people.  Etymology  The
The National Day for Truth and Reconciliation (sometimes shortened to T&R Day) (NDTR; ), originally and still colloquially known as Orange Shirt Day (), is a Canadian holiday to recognize the legacy of the Canadian Indian residential school system.   NDTR is a statutory holiday for:   federal government employees and private-sector employees to whom the Canada Labour Code applies;  provincial government employees in Manitoba and Nova Scotia;  all workers in British Columbia, Northwest Territories, Nunavut, Prince Edward Island, and Yukon.  Orange Shirt Day was first established as an observance in 2013, as part of an effort to promote awareness and education of the residential school system and the impact it has had on Indigenous communities for over a century. The impact of the residential school system has been recognized as a cultural genocide.  The use of an orange shirt as a symbol was inspired by the accounts of Phyllis Jack Webstad, whose personal clothing—including a new orange shirt—was taken from her during her first day of residential schooling, and never returned. The orange shirt is thus used as a symbol of the forced assimilation of Indigenous children that the residential school system enforced.  The day was elevated to a statutory holiday for federal workers and workers in federally-regulated workplaces by the Parliament of Canada in 2021, and named "National Day for Truth and Reconciliation", in light of the claims of over 1,000 unmarked graves near former residential school sites.  Background  Indian residential school system   Shortly after Confederation in 1867, the ministers in the new Cabinet of Canada inherited the responsibility of advising the Crown on the treaties signed between it and the First Nations of Canada. Prime Minister John A. Macdonald was faced with a country with disparate cultures and identities and wanted to forge a new Canadian identity to unite the country and ensure its survival. It was Macdonald's goal to absorb the First Nations into the general population of Canada and extinguish their culture. In 1878, he commissioned Nicholas Flood Davin to write a report about residential schools in the United States. One year later, Davin reported that only residential schools could separate aboriginal children from their parents and culture and cause them "to be merged and lost" within the nation. Davin argued that the government should work with the Christian churches to open these schools.  Beginning in 1883, the government began funding Indian residential schools across Canada, which were run primarily by the Roman Catholic Church and the Anglican Church; but also included the United Church of Canada, the Methodist Church, and the Presbyterian Church. When the separation of children from their parents was resisted, the government responded by making school attendance compulsory in 1894 and
Pressley Larcus Blake (born August 18, 1936) is a former Canadian football player who played for the Edmonton Eskimos and Saskatchewan Roughriders. He played college football at the Mississippi State University.  References  1936 births Living people Edmonton Elks players Sportspeople from Greenwood, Mississippi Mississippi State Bulldogs football
Index Copernicus (IC) is an online database of user-contributed information, including profiles of scientists, as well as of scientific institutions, publications and projects established in 1999 in Poland, and operated by Index Copernicus International. The database, named after Nicolaus Copernicus (who triggered the Copernican Revolution), has several assessment tools to track the impact of scientific works and publications,
Márcio Máximo Barcellos (born 29 April 1962) is a Brazilian football manager.  Career Born in Rio de Janeiro, Máximo
Steven Krasner (born August 1, 1953) is a retired sports journalist and current author of children's books.  He is best known for covering the Boston Red Sox for The Providence Journal, which he did from 1986 until his retirement from the newspaper in 2008.  He is Executive Director of Rhode Island Write on Sports, conducts interactive classroom writing workshops as Nudging the Imagination, teaches journalism to 5th-7th graders at the Reach Out Global Academy in Singapore, is a former adjunct professor of writing at Bryant University and has freelanced for ESPN-Boston.com.  Early life Krasner grew up in Cranston, Rhode Island, where he played varsity basketball and baseball at Cranston High School West.  In 1975, he earned his bachelor's degree in English at Columbia University, earning team captain and MVP honors on the baseball team during his senior year.  He was sports editor of the Columbia Daily Spectator.  Sports journalism Krasner joined The Providence Journal in 1975 and covered many notable sports events, including three no-hitters and a number of World Series, baseball All-Star games, and Super Bowls.  He was covering the 1989 World Series at Candlestick Park when it was interrupted by a 6.9-magnitude earthquake.  Krasner was inducted into the Words Unlimited Hall of Fame in 2008  and received the Dave O'Hara Award at the Boston Baseball Writers' Association of America dinner in 2010.  He is a voter for the Baseball Hall of Fame and was a longtime advocate for the inclusion of Jim Rice, who was elected in his final year of eligibility in 2009.  From 2010 to 2013 Krasner covered the Red Sox and the New England Patriots on a freelance basis for ESPN-Boston.com.  Children's books In addition to his sports writing career, Krasner has published numerous children's books.  These include Why Not Call it Cow Juice?; The Longest Game; Pedro Martinez; Have a Nice Nap, Humphrey; Play Ball Like the Hall of Famers; and Play Ball Like the Pros.  The latter won the Parents' Choice Silver Award in 2002.  Nudging the Imagination Krasner conducts numerous grade-appropriate writing workshops, virtually and in person, entitled Nudging the Imagination, that engage students in the writing process and align with standards. Among other workshops he helps school classes write and perform plays, and he also presents Professional Development workshops at conferences across the country.  Rhode Island Write on Sports In 2013 Krasner became Executive Director of Rhode Island Write on Sports (RIWoS), a non-profit organization that helps under-served middle-school students in Rhode Island gain confidence and experience in writing, with
The 1948 Colgate Red Raiders football team was an American football team that represented Colgate University as an independent during the 1948 college football season. In
The Manglabites or Manglavites (, manglabitai; sing. μαγ[γ]λαβίτης, manglabitēs) were a corps of bodyguards in the Byzantine Empire.  Etymology Their name derives from the term manglabion (μαγγλάβιον, "cudgel") which was also used to designate the entire corps. The origin of the term itself is debated: one theory regards it as deriving from Arabic mijlab ("whip"), while another from Latin manus ("hand") and clava ("cudgel").  History The manglabitai first appear in the 9th century, when, along with the
Glycymeris americana, or the American bittersweet, is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Glycymerididae. It can be found along the Atlantic coast of North America, ranging from Virginia to Texas and Brazil.  Description In warmer waters, the valves of Glycymeris
Jurzec Włościański () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stawiski, within Kolno County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately  south-east of
The gnatcatchers are a family of small passerine birds called Polioptilidae. The 21 species occur in North and South America (except for the far south and the high Andean regions). Most species of this mainly tropical and subtropical group are resident, but the blue-grey gnatcatcher of the United States and southern Canada migrates south in winter. They are close relatives of the wrens.  Description These dainty birds are intermediate between Old World warblers and wrens in their structure and habits, moving restlessly through foliage seeking insects. The gnatcatchers are mainly soft bluish grey in colour, and have the typical insectivore's long sharp bill. Many species have distinctive black head patterns (especially males) and long, regularly cocked, black-and-white tails. The skulking gnatwrens are browner, more thickset, and with proportionally shorter tails and longer bills.  Distribution and habitat They are distributed from North to South America, with the exception of the far south and high Andean regions. Gnatwrens typically occur in the undergrowth of dense, often humid, forest, while gnatcatchers, depending on the species involved, occur in anything from dry scrubby habitats (e.g. the California gnatcatcher) to the canopy of humid Amazonian forest (e.g. the Guianan gnatcatcher). The North American species nest in bushes or trees, but the breeding behavior of several of the Neotropical species is essentially unknown.  Taxonomy and systematics  A species new to science, the critically endangered Iquitos gnatcatcher Polioptila clementsi, was first described in 2005. This species is a member of the
Abscondita is a genus of fireflies in tropical Asia. Species in the genus were earlier placed in the genus Luciola but molecular phylogeny studies support their separation.  The genus is placed in the subfamily Luciolinae, in which both adult males and females are winged. Members of the genus typically have brown elytra with the apical part dark but specific identification is based on male genitalia. The genus is separated from the
TwinBee 3: Poko Poko Daimaō{{efn|{{nihongo|TwinBee 3: Poko Poko Daimaō|ツインビー３ ポコポコ大魔王|Tsuinbī Surī Poko Poko Daimaō|lit. The Great Demon King Poko Poko}}}} is a vertical-scrolling shoot 'em up video game produced by Konami originally released for the Family Computer in 1989. It was the third game in the TwinBee series released for the Famicom, following the home version of the original TwinBee and the Famicom-exclusive Moero TwinBee. Unlike Moero, which was released in North America as Stinger, TwinBee 3 was a Japan-only release. It was re-released on April 14, 2006 as part of the i-Revo downloadable game service.TwinBee 3 ditches the side-scrolling stages from Stinger and only features top-scrolling ones similar to the original. Moreover, the game lacks the 3-Player mode from Moero, allowing only up to two players. The game is considerably easier than its predecessors due to an option mode that allows players to adjust the difficulty and number of ships, as well as the inclusion of the new "soul reviving system", which allows players to recover their power-ups after losing a ship.  The game uses digitized PCM voice samples, particularly when the conga music in one stage chants "Poko Poko", and in the beginning of each stage, in which a voice proclaims the name of the stage.  Characters TwinBee The default Player 1 aircraft, colored blue, Twinbee can fire up to two shots rapidly and has a barrier durability of ten shots. WinBee The default Player 2 aircraft, colored red, Winbee can fire up to four shots rapidly and has a barrier durability of fifteen shots. GwinBee A green-colored aircraft and the baby brother of TwinBee and WinBee. He was kidnapped by Poko Poko during an errand.  In the instruction manual of Detana TwinBee Yahho! Deluxe Pack, the pilots of the three ships are identified as Dr. Cinnamon's great grandchildren: Squash, Whip, and Mellow. They were originally nameless in the actual game.  Game system Controls The player maneuvers the ship with the D-Pad. One button is used to shoot the gun at airborne enemies, while the other drops bombs at ground enemies. If both arms of the player's ships are destroyed, then the player will be incapable of dropping bombs. When that happens, an ambulance will appear that can repair both arms. The player can uncover bell power-ups by shooting the floating clouds. Shooting a bell several times will change their colors.  Bell power-ups Yellow Bell Gives the player bonus points. The more yellow bells are picked up without missing one, the greater the points will be (500, 1,000, 2,500, 5,000, and eventually 10,000 points). Blue Bell Increases the ship's speed by one level. The speed can be increased up to seven times. White Bell Turns the player's gun into a double shot. Red Bell Causes the player's gun to shoot an enemy piercing laser beam. Flashing Red/Blue Bell Creates image copies of the player's ship that will imitate their actions, increasing their firepower. Flashing Blue/White Bell Creates a barrier that will protect the player's ship from enemy fire. It gradually becomes small as it takes damage until eventually disappears. When two players are both equipped with a barrier and they unite their ships, the barrier takes the shape of an umbrella.  Ground items Question mark Destroys all on-screen enemies. Fruits Gives bonus points. Dollar sign Gives bonus points. Milk bottle Gives an extra ship. Candy Turns the player's gun into a three-way shot. Fire match Causes a fire bell to appear in the sky. When the player picks it up, they will be invincible for a moment until they reach the boss. Dr. Cinnamon Takes the player to a bonus stage after completing the current stage.  Combination attacks Wide Shot When TwinBee and WinBee travel next to each other side by side, they shoot four star-shaped beams, three towards themselves and one behind them. Super Barrier When TwinBee and WinBee are lined up one towards the other vertically, it will cause a star-shaped beam to appear that travels around the two ships in a circular pattern, destroying any enemy who comes near.  Soul recovery system When the player loses a life, a ghost version of their ship will be floating around at the spot where it was destroyed. When the player respawns and picks up the ghost, they will recover all the power-ups their ship had in its previous life.  Stages In the options menu,
Freshwater is a national park in Queensland, Australia,  34 km north of Brisbane. The park is west of Redcliffe, near Deception Bay, within Caboolture Shire.  The park's vegetation is a remnant of the Open Sclerophyll Woodland which was once common in this area. The dominant trees are Eucalyptus species, notably scribbly gum - Eucalyptus racemosa with smooth white trunks, and some Angophora species, while the shrub layer varies from an Open Heath area dominated by low grasstrees in the south of the park to dense Casuarina stands, and small swampy areas with paperbark trees (Melaleuca sp.). A small creek runs through the north end of the park.  Sighted in the Open Heath area are low growing plants such as the fringed lilly Thysanotus tuberosus, tall sundew Drosera peltata, which is a carnivorous plant, flat-stemmed cord rush Eurychorda complanata and Wallum grevillea Grevillea leiophylla, which is a delicate pink flowered grevillea growing to only about 30 cm. This is only a small selection of the numerous beautiful plants to be found
"Rain" is the seventeenth single by Japanese pop singer-songwriter Yui. It was released on November 24, 2010. The title song is a tie-in for the Fuji TV drama series Perfect Report. The single reached number 2 on the Oricon chart.  Music video and lyrics   The music video for "Rain" alternates between cuts of Yui and her band playing in the rain and Yui herself running through a rainy street towards a Christmas gift shop. Around the middle of the music video, a happier past is shown through flashbacks of Yui smiling and receiving earrings on a sunny day, along with the lines: "They try to bring back memories / Which are already gone / No matter what I do, I can't get rid of the past." The video eventually ends with an image of hope for the future, with the lyrics: "When someday this rain turns to
The 2023 Allsvenskan is the 99th season since its establishment in 1924 of Sweden's top-level football league, Allsvenskan. A total of 16 teams participate. BK Häcken are the defending champions after winning the title in the previous season. IF Brommapojkarna and Halmstads BK are promoted after finishing first and second in 2022 Superettan, while Varbergs BoIS staved off relegation by defeating third placed Östers IF.  The 2023 Allsvenskan season began on 1 April, and will end in November 2023 (not including play-off matches).  Teams  A total of sixteen teams are contesting the league, including fourteen sides from the previous season, and two promoted teams from the 2022 Superettan.  Stadiums and locations  Personnel and kits All teams are obligated to have the logo of the league sponsor Unibet as well as the Allsvenskan logo on the right sleeve of their shirt.  Note: Flags indicate national
An American Tail: Fievel's Gold Rush is a platform game that was first released in Europe on March 1, 2002, for the Game Boy Advance, then in North America on May 2, 2003. Based on Universal Studios' An American Tail animated feature film franchise, the game was developed by Hokus-Pokus<ref name="mobygames">{{Cite web |title='An American Tail: Fievel's Gold Rush at MobyGames |url=https://www.mobygames.com/game/an-american-tail-fievels-gold-rush |access-date=2021-02-01 |website=MobyGames |archive-date=2021-01-24 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20210124225903/https://www.mobygames.com/game/an-american-tail-fievels-gold-rush |url-status=live}}</ref> and published by Conspiracy Entertainment.   Gameplay  Players control series protagonist Fievel Mousekewitz, a rodent with an immigration card, in a traditional side-scrolling platformer as he travels West through 18 levels and six worlds, including "New York City" and "Gold Dust Gulch", to piece together Cat Malone's treasure map. Fievel will swing on rope, attack with his ten-gallon hat, ride riverboats, and jump the train to find Wylie Burp's gold. Fievel's goal is to rescue his kidnapped family members and friends as well as to find the gold.  Conspiracy Entertainment published the game for a "young audience who loved the films and direct-to-video sequels".   Reception   The game received mediocre reviews from critics. French website Jeuxvideo.com'' wrote that "it takes a real pleasure to play in an environment so worked. The levels are quite varied and different to want to continue. The characters are very fine and loyal to the cartoon. The animation is very fluid. You will never be hampered by a slowdown and this regardless of the number of enemies displayed[...] particular attention was brought to the soundtrack. It is really very good quality and quite adapted to crossed levels. But there also are somewhat regretted the lack of diversity in the music". The publication pointed out that the title appeals to younger players due in part to the game's short length. 
Si mis campos hablaran is a 1947 Chilean film directed by José Bohr and starring Chela Bon. It was entered into the 1954 Cannes Film Festival.  Plot The story takes place in 1847, when a ship carrying German immigrants arrives at Caleta Melipullí Bay (now Puerto Montt). Immigration agent Vicente Pérez Rosales (played by Roberto Parada) greets them and provides tools and animals for the settlers to begin exploiting the land granted to them.  As time passes, the settlers realize the monumental task of clearing the area, which is covered in ancient alerce trees. However, despite the difficulties, they persevere and cultivate the land. Characters Daniel (played by Rodolfo Onetto), Simón (played by Armando Bó), and Dora symbolize the challenging struggle to conquer the untouched lands of southern Chile, despite the numerous obstacles and frustrations that arise.  The movie
The Pendlebury Library of Music is the library of the Faculty of Music, University of Cambridge, England. The current building was completed in 1984, and was designed by Sir Leslie Martin. The library is located next to the West Road Concert Hall and the Faculty of Music's old building on the Sidgwick Site, West Road, Cambridge. The current classification system is somewhat similar to the one used for music at Cambridge University Library's Music Collections, and has a basic classification approach of a three-digit number. The library is open to all members of the university.  History The library is named after Richard Pendlebury who had donated his collection of printed sheet music and manuscripts to the Fitzwilliam Museum, from where most of it was eventually transferred to Cambridge University Library. In 1929 this collection was given to the Music Faculty, and then the name "The Pendlebury Library of Music" was used. In 1994 all music manuscripts were transferred to Cambridge University Library. Pendlebury's original collection of printed sheet music is still accessible at the Pendlebury Library of Music.  References  External links  Pendlebury Library of Music web page  Catalogue search within Departments and Faculties O-Z (Newton)  Libraries of the University of Cambridge Institutions in the School of Arts and Humanities, University of Cambridge Music libraries Library buildings
Battle of Alexandria, Raid on Alexandria, or Siege of Alexandria may refer to one of these military operations fought in or near the city of Alexandria, Egypt:  Siege of Alexandria (169 BC), during the Syrian Wars  Siege of Alexandria (47 BC), during Caesar's Civil War  Battle of Alexandria (30 BC), fought between Roman forces during the Final War of the Roman Republic  Siege of Alexandria (619), conducted by the Sassanid Empire against a Byzantine Empire garrison between 618 and 620 during the Sassanid conquest of Egypt  Siege of Alexandria (641), conducted by the Rashidun army against the Byzantine capital during the Muslim Conquest of Egypt  Siege of Alexandria (1174), Norman Sicilian attack  Alexandrian Crusade (1365)  Battle of Alexandria (1798), fought between French and Mamaluk forces during the Napoleonic campaign in Egypt  Battle of Alexandria (1801), 21 March, a major battle fought between British and French forces during the French Revolutionary War  Siege of Alexandria (1801), 17
Jérémy Gabriel (born December 10, 1996), also known as Le Petit Jérémy, is a French Canadian singer.  Biography Gabriel was born in Charlesbourg, Quebec City. At birth he was deaf, and had head, facial, ear and skull deformities. At age 6 months he was diagnosed with Treacher Collins syndrome. At age 5 years he was referred to Shriners Hospitals for Children where he met with Dr. Lucie Lessard. At age 6 (2003) he received a bone anchored hearing aid and discovered his passion for singing. In 2006 he sang for the Pope. In 2011, he sang the Canadian National Anthem, "O Canada", for a Montreal Canadiens NHL game.  After performing before pope Benedict XVI in 2006, he was received by Cardinal Ouellet and awarded the decoration of the Pontifical Swiss Guard. He performed several songs at CanadaFest between the years of 2007, 2011 and 2012 CanadaFest.  During 2012–2013, Gabriel became one of the co-patients ambassadors of the Shriners Hospitals for Children. He performed for several congresses and Shrine events across North America. He sang in Toronto, London, Montreal, Calgary, Ottawa, Chatham-Kent, Regina, Atlanta, Lewiston, Charlotte, Tampa Bay, Dallas, Chicago, Los Angeles and Las Vegas.  Gabriel's parents filed a complaint with the Quebec human rights commission against Mike Ward for jokes Ward performed in regards to Gabriel's handicap and singing, in his shows from 2010 to 2013. The commission brought the case in front of Quebec's Human Rights Tribunal seeking $80,000 in damages from Ward. The tribunal ordered Ward to pay him $35,000 and his mother $7000 in July 2016. Ward's attorney, Julius Grey, appealed the decision. The decision was upheld by appellate court judges on November 28, 2019. Ward appealed the decision to the Supreme Court of Canada, which on October 29, 2021, ruled that Ward had not incited hatred against Gabriel, and overturned the tribunal's decision.  On February 1, 2022, Gabriel and his mother sued Mike Ward for libel, asking for over $300,000 in damages.  On September 30, 2016, Gabriel released his first single, 'I Don't Care', on JLMMUSIC. That release is distributed by DEP and Believe Digital, and supported by Universal Music Canada. An extended play is scheduled for 2017.  References  External links Newspaper (Journal de Montreal)  1996 births Living people Musicians from Quebec City
The Speaker of the Louisiana House of Representatives is the presiding officer of the Louisiana House of Representatives, the lower house of the Louisiana State Legislature. The speaker serves as the leader and head of the Louisiana House. The speaker is traditionally suggested by the Governor of Louisiana. The speaker's counterpart in the State Senate is the President of the Senate, currently Republican Patrick Page Cortez.  History  The first speaker, Pierre Bauchet St. Martin, was elected by the House in 1812. During the first years of statehood the speakership and the Louisiana House of Representative was dominated by supporters of Henry Clay, after 1845 the Democratic Party came to dominate politics until the United States Civil War. After the war the state, along with the rest of the southern states, underwent the Reconstruction from 1865 until 1877, during this time politics were dominated by the Republican Party. In 1877 the Democrats came to power again and stayed in power in the House until late 2010. During this time the practice of the Governor appointing the speaker began. In 2008 Republican Governor Bobby Jindal appointed the first Republican speaker in over a hundred years even though the Democrats held a small majority.  When Democrat John Bel Edwards succeeded Jindal in 2016, his choice as Speaker, Democrat Walt Leger III of New Orleans, was rejected by house's Republican majority, which instead elected fellow Republican Taylor Barras of New Iberia.  Powers  The speaker
A Late Picking : Poems 1965-1974 (1975) is the collection of poems by Australian poet A. D. Hope. It was published in hardback by Angus and Robertson in Sydney in 1975.   The anthology includes 39 poems by the author.  Contents  Critical reception Geoff Page writing in The Canberra Times noted that the collection "in general confirms long-held impressions of Hope: the dry detached amusement, the steady quatrains, 'the long isolation of the heart', the erudition (both scientific and literary), the old man still savouring sensual joys. A few poems set you back slightly. They're still Hope but in genres you wouldn't have thought his temperament would come to: for example, 'Hay Fever', (a kind of carpe diem poem which almost becomes a pastoral lyric); an elegy for Osip Mandelstam (an artist one would not have thought much to Hope's Augustan tastes); 'Winterreise' (a straight medieval lyric) or 'Dialogue' (a placid accepting love poem in no way touched with either irony or sexual energy)."  Publication history The poetry collection was also published
A fare is the fee paid by a passenger for use of a public transport system.   Fare or FARE may also refer to:  Organisations Fare! (Act!), a 2015–2022 Italian political party Fare network, an anti-discrimination initiative in European football Food Allergy Research & Education, United States Forces Alternatives pour le Renouveau et l'Emergence
Melanin Man is an album by the Jamaican musician Mutabaruka, released in 1994. Mutabaruka supported the album with a North American tour that included shows with Speech. "Bone Lie" was a hit in Jamaica.  Production The album was produced by Mutabaruka, Gussie Clarke, and Philip "Fatis" Burrell. Sly and Robbie played on Melanin Man; Dennis Brown, Cocoa Tea, and Freddie McGregor sang on the album.   The title track alludes to the pseudoscientific theory; it was also considered a black pride anthem. "Beware" offers advice to Nelson Mandela. "Miss Lou" is addressed to Louise Bennett-Coverley.  Critical reception  The Washington Post opined that "the unimaginative, mechanical dancehall rhythms and dub echoes pander to all the worst musical stereotypes and Mutabaruka's verse is all strident polemics full of abstract nouns with none of the sensual imagery and fresh metaphor of such musical Caribbean poets as Bob Marley and Shinehead." The Chicago Tribune admired the "squirmy licks, driving guitar and traditional Rastafarian
Beat Beat Heartbeat was the first full-length album released by The Natural History on May 20, 2003.  Track listing  "Facts Are" – 2:33  "Watch This House" – 1:43  "The Right Hand" – 2:58  "It's a Law" – 1:46  "Broken Language" – 1:45  "Beat Beat" – 2:49  "Run de Run" – 2:43  "Do What You Should" – 1:49  "Hours from My Life" – 3:06  "Telling Lies Will Get You Nowhere" –
Walentowo  is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień
Jamal Mohamed Barrow (, ) is a diplomat from Somalia. He was born in Golweyn, a village in lower Shabelle region, Somalia, on 1 July 1957. He has married with a number of children. He gained his first degree in Journalism in the Faculty of Journalism of the Somalia National University in 1984 and he did his second degree in Business Administration in Moi University in Nairobi, Kenya, in 2006. Barrow is the Ambassador of Somalia to Nigeria, based at the Somali embassy in Nigeria. In October 2019, he was appointed as the new Somali Ambassador to the Federal Republic of Nigeria. He became the first ambassador accredited to Nigeria since the collapse of the central government of Somalia in 1991. Mr. Barrow was Somalia's Deputy Foreign Affairs minister between December 2012 and November, 2013.  Professionally, from 1995 to 2020, he held a number of positions which include   Peace building and conflict resolution, and civic education trainer: In this sector, he facilitated numerous sessions of workshops on peace building and conflict resolution, leadership, gender & development, team building, community development and mobilization, project management, entrepreneurship, fundraising, Participatory Rural Appraisal (PRA), ToT, project evaluation and monitoring, strategic planning, board management, human rights and democracy, networking, and customer services given to various Somali Society organizations including, community elders, local authorities, teachers, youth groups, parliament members, women groups like Coalition of Grass-root Women organizations, SAACID Voluntary Organization, and CORD as well as other NGOs/CBOs and networks   Consultant management: In 2002, Ambassador Barrow established his own consultant firm called Center for Training and Consultancy (CTC). The center’s focus was on proving with consultant and training services to both governmental and nongovernmental
Lord Beresford may refer to:  William Beresford, 1st Viscount Beresford (1768–1854), British
Pilskalne Parish () may refer to:  Pilskalne Parish, Ilūkste  Pilskalne
Miguel Díaz Montes (born 24 January 1994) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Valle de Egüés as a midfielder.  Football career Born in Estella, Navarre, Díaz joined CA Osasuna's youth setup in 2007 at the age of 13, from CD Izarra. He made his senior debut with the reserves on 9 September 2012, coming on as a second-half substitute for Luis Ali in a 1–4 Segunda División B away loss against Real Zaragoza B.  Díaz scored his first senior goal on 26 January 2014, in a 3–0 away win against CD Murchante in the Tercera División. He finished the campaign with a career-best 18 goals for the B-side, playing a key unit in their promotion back to the third division.  On 11 September 2016, Díaz scored a hat-trick in a 4–2 home win against Arandina CF. The following 13 June, after the first team's relegation from La Liga, he was definitely promoted to the main squad after extending his contract until 2018.  Díaz made his professional debut on 20 September 2017, starting in a 0–1 away loss against Cádiz CF in the season's Copa del Rey. The following 5 January he extended his contract until 2020, but was demoted to the B-side in the third level.  On 21 August 2018, Díaz was loaned to CD Mirandés of the third division for a year. The deal was terminated
Stanisław Ignacy Fabijański (22 July 1865, Paris - 13 February 1947, Kraków) was a Polish cityscape painter, illustrator, and sculptor.  Life and work He was born to the painter, Erazm Fabijański, who had left Poland following the January Uprising. In 1880, after some initial lessons from his father, he went to study with the sculptor, Leonard Marconi, in Lwów. From 1883 to 1888, he was enrolled at the Academy of Fine Arts, Kraków, where his teachers included Florian Cynk, Leopold Löffler and Jan Matejko.   After graduating, he continued his studies at the Academy of Fine Arts, Munich, until 1890. His primary instructor there was Alexander von Wagner. He was also
In enzymology, a quaternary-amine-transporting ATPase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction  ATP + H2O + quaternary amineout  ADP + phosphate + quaternary aminein  The 3 substrates
Halls Hill is a community about 20 kilometres northeast of Sackville, New Brunswick,
Machpelah Cemetery is a Jewish cemetery located within the Cemetery Belt in Glendale, Queens, in the U.S. state of New York. It was established around 1855. In addition to managing the  cemetery, the former Machpelah Cemetery Association also managed the adjacent Union Field Cemetery, New Union Field Cemetery and Hungarian Union Field Cemetery. Machpelah Cemetery was abandoned by the late 1980s. The deteriorating entrance building was demolished in 2013.  It is accessible by the New York City Subway's  via the Cypress Hills station and the B13 New York City Bus.  Houdini's grave Machpelah Cemetery is the final resting place of magician Harry Houdini, his brother Theodore Hardeen, his mother, father, grandfather, four other brothers, and a sister. Houdini's widow Bess, who died of a heart attack in 1943, had wished to be buried next to her husband, but instead was interred 35 miles north at the Gate of Heaven Cemetery in Westchester County, as her Catholic family refused to allow her to be buried in a Jewish cemetery.  During October 1969, the 43rd anniversary of Houdini's death was celebrated on Halloween by The Spellbinder, the Society of American Magicians. Among the members of the society's New York Chapter were one-hundred Long Island Magicians, who went to Houdini's grave at Machpelah Cemetery to hold memorial services for the famed escape artist.  Although born Erich Weiss, he changed his name to Harry Houdini at the age of 17. He chose this name because admired the French magician Robert Houdin. There were rumors concerning that there was a secret compartment at Houdini's grave in Queens. In addition, some people believe this cemetery, near Houdini grave, holds a secret compartment: this compartment, revealed by a hidden device, was said to be where dark secrets are waiting to be discovered. Magic historian and Houdini biographer Milbourne Christopher, during an interview, said he did not believe that such a compartment existed and that Houdini would never communicate from beyond the grave; then he said that it might be possible.  The Machpelah Cemetery was visited by many figures. David Copperfield, perhaps the world's best-known contemporary magician, paid his respects at Harry Houdini's grave site. Furthermore, Copperfield donated $15,000 to the Society of American Magicians in order to help undo an act of vandalism which desecrated several graves, along with Houdini's, after speaking with the Society of American Magician's Chairman John Bohannon. Along with Copperfield's donation, the escape artist James Randi donated $2,000, and $8,000 were donated from magicians all over the world; these donations paid for the replacement of two granite benches that were vandalized in 1993 and for casting a permanent Houdini bust.  George Schindler, the dean of the Society of American Magicians, said his group had stopped contributing money toward the maintenance of the site in recent years. "[Cemetery administrator] David Jacobson sends us a bill for upkeep every year but we never pay it." "The Society of American Magicians never paid the cemetery for any restoration of the Houdini family plot in my tenure since 1988," Jacobson said.  The money came from the dwindling funds of the Machpelah Cemetery, he said.  The Society of American Magicians performed a "broken wand" ritual on October 31, 1996, the anniversary of Houdini's death. This ritual in which a "magic wand" is broken symbolizes the end of the magician's power.  The granite monuments of Houdini's sister, Gladys, and brother, Leopold, are missing. Some members of the society say they believe that Jacobson has hidden them, or worse, sold them off to collectors. "I have them," Jacobson has said. "They are broken." The Houdini grave site is no longer cared for by the Society of American Magicians, but by The Houdini Museum in Scranton, Pennsylvania.  A bust of Harry Houdini was smashed or stolen four times from his family plot at Machpelah between 1975 and 1993. The Society of American Magicians gave
The Meunier rifle, known as the "Meunier A6" or "STA No. 8", evolved as a part of the program initiated in 1890 by the French military to develop a semi-automatic infantry rifle that would eventually replace the Mle 1886–93 Lebel rifle. Four government research establishments (STA, ENT, Puteaux and CTV) proposed over 20 prototypes. About half of them were based on recoil (both short recoil and long recoil) and the others were gas operated. This secret program was placed under the direction of General Naquet-Laroque who headed the Puteaux (APX) government arsenal.  History Shortly after the adoption of the Lebel 1886 and its revolutionary ammunition, two brothers, Clair, built a semi-automatic shotgun in 1888, an 8 mm semi-auto pistol in 1892, and prototypes of semi-auto rifles were made in 1894. In addition, the adoption in 1888 of the German Kommissions Gewehr with its rimless cartridge had shown the obsolete design of the French 8×50mm rimmed case. Programs were initiated to design a new cartridge and a new rifle.  Cartridge development The Section Technique de l'Artillerie (STA) developed various rimless high performance cartridges from 1890 to 1912. Among these cartridges, some were retained:   6×58 Meunier 1897  6×60 ENT, 1900  6.5×60 CAP 1905  6.5×61 STA 1910  6.5×55.5 Berthier 1910  7×59 STA 1912  7×57 Meunier 1912  Rifle development Between 1894 and 1913, there was a fierce competition to develop a new rifle. They were tested by:   Section Technique de l'Artillerie, Artillery Technical Section aka STA   Rifle A 1 later redesigned as Rifle A 4  Rifle A 2 STA 5  Rifle A 3 STA 6  Carbine A 4  Rifle A 5 STA 7  Rifle A 6 STA 8  (7mm Meunier rifle)   Ecole Normale de Tir, National Shooting School aka ENT   Rifle B 1, ENT 1901, system Rossignol  Rifle B 2, System Rossignol  Rifle B 3, ENT 1902, system Belgrand  Rifle B 4, system Rossignol  Rifle B 5, system Rossignol  Rifle B 6, system Belgrand  Rifle B 7, system Chezaud  Rifle B 8, system Vallarnaud   Commission Technique de Versailles, Versailles Technical Commission aka CTV  Etablissement Technique de Puteaux, Puteaux Technical Section aka APX.   Rifle C 1 CTV 1  Rifle C 2 CTV 2 system Chauchat  Rifle C 3 APX 3, system Chauchat & Sutter  Rifle C 4 APX 4  Rifle C 5 system Chauchat & Sutter modified Naquet-Laroque aka rifle NL  Rifle C 6, NL  Rifle C 7, NL  Rifle C 8 system Chauchat & Sutter aka Indochinese rifle due to its shorter size, developed to arm indigenous troops in Indochina.  Test results Out of the various semi-automatic prototypes being tested only three emerged as offering industrial potential:   The 7mm ENT B5 Rifle by Rossignol which inaugurated direct gas impingement into the bolt.  The 7mm APX C7 Rifle by Chauchat, Sutter and Naquet-Laroque which was based on
ShyBoy is an American vocalist, songwriter, music producer, and DJ. He is the music composer for the Emmy-nominated documentary series Queer for Fear: The History of Queer Horror (Shudder/AMC) from executive producer Bryan Fuller. ShyBoy was named Best Solo Artist in the 10th Annual LA Weekly Best of L.A. Readers' Choice Awards and has performed throughout North America and in Europe, sharing the stage with artists such as Flo Rida, Meiko, and Amanda Palmer. ShyBoy's music has been featured in RuPaul's Drag Race, Dynasty, America's Next Top Model, the Capcom video game Devil May Cry 4, and the trailer for the 2018 film Halloween. An array of writers and artists have collaborated with ShyBoy, including: Emmy Award-winning performer RuPaul; hip-hop artist SlimKid3 (The Pharcyde); Grammy-nominated singer-songwriter Wendy Waldman; Saturn Award-winning writer Bryan Fuller; DJ and record producer Darude; and Emmy, Grammy, and Tony Award-winning songwriter Allee Willis. ShyBoy and gold-selling record producer Mark Nubar co-founded the band Hypnogaja and L.A.-based indie label The Spaceman Agency.  Career  Solo Work   ShyBoy debuted music from his first solo album Water on Mars during a headline performance at the Carmel Art and Film Festival. Released in October 2013 and produced by ShyBoy and Mark Nubar, the album features co-writes with songwriters such as Allee Willis, Ivo Moring, David Batteau, Wendy Waldman, and others. The songs "Bird in Flight" and "Wouldn't It Be Good" were released as singles, with videos directed by filmmaker Michael Bodie and produced by Loretta Ramos. CNN featured "Bird in Flight" during a story about the 50th anniversary of the first spacewalk by NASA astronauts and featured the title track on Newsroom, during a special segment on NASA's definitive discovery of flowing water on Mars. The HLN news series Raising America with Kyra Phillips selected one of the album's tracks, "When I Close My Eyes," as the show's theme song.  HuffPost's review of Water on Mars described the album as one that "makes a bold, tuneful impression on today's indie-pop landscape" and that it "is one of the year's smartest, not-to-be-missed debuts." The Monterey County Weekly described ShyBoy's music as "a cross-pollination of RJD2, DJ Shadow and 2001: A Space Odyssey – Arnold's understated vocals quickly erupt into full-blown soulful crooning that's irresistible for eardrums." Kevin Bronson's Buzzbands LA noted ShyBoy's sound as "wonderfully dramatic," and described his music as a cross between Nick Drake, Sufjan Stevens, and M83.  Lost in Space - ShyBoy's second album - was released in 2014 and features material co-written with Emmy and Annie Award-nominated lyricist Amy Powers, multi-platinum music producer Jeff Hoeppner, German electronic music composer/DJ robot koch, Emmy Award-winning composer Jim Dooley, television writer and producer Bryan Fuller (Pushing Daisies, American Gods, Hannibal); and more. The collection contains a cover of the Donna Summer song "She Works Hard for the Money," featured on the Essential Records compilation Café de Paris, Vol. 10.  In 2015, ShyBoy released numerous projects: Daisy Pusher EP (which included "Haven't Heard This Song in Forever," featured on the ABC show Super Fun Night, starring Rebel Wilson); a cover of Sia's "Elastic Heart" followed (recorded as a duet with Kat Robichaud of NBC's The Voice); and the Zero Gravity EP (featuring a remix by Matt Mcjunkins and The Beta Machine).  ShyBoy and multi-platinum songwriter Allee Willis (Earth, Wind & Fire's "September," The Color Purple musical) teamed up with producers Jeff Hoeppner and Mark Nubar to create several singles in 2016 and 2017. The first of these releases - a cover of "Neutron Dance" (the Grammy Award-winning song by The Pointer Sisters, written by Willis and Danny Sembello) - features an animated lyric video directed by Willis, who also illustrated the artwork for the single. HuffPost describes the remake as "an entirely new, indie-pop version of the classic single with ShyBoy’s understated tenor lilting over delicate, synth-driven grooves." Three more releases followed: the originals "Can't Stay With The Pay (Ain't No Little Fairy Gonna Pop Me A Five For That Tooth)" and "He
is a 143 m (469 ft) tall office skyscraper in Tokyo, Japan. At 38 stories the building is the 86th tallest building in Tokyo. It contains 1.4 million sq ft (134,974 m²) of office space, 100% of which is now occupied by Mizuho Bank, the consumer banking arm of the second-largest Japanese financial conglomerate Mizuho Financial Group, while still called the DKB Head Office from time to time.  The building was built in Chiyoda at 1 Uchisaiwaichō in 1981, when it was called the
Mathías Leonardo Vidangossy Rebolledo (born 25 May 1987) is a Chilean professional footballer who currently plays for Unión La Calera as an attacking midfielder or winger.  Club career Born in Santiago, Vidangossy began his career in the youth squads of Club Deportivo Universidad Católica, but finished his football grooming at Unión Española. He made his Chilean Primera División debuts in 2005, and became a constant feature in the starting lineups.  In June 2007, Vidangossy was signed to a five-year contract with Villarreal CF in Spain, joining compatriots Manuel Pellegrini (coach) and Matías Fernández. However, he would never play any official games for the club, as all of its foreign player spots were used up; he was quickly loaned out to fellow La Liga team UD Almería, but met the same fate.  Vidangossy was subsequently loaned to Chilean club Audax Italiano, which played in the 2008 edition of the Copa Libertadores. Afterwards, he stayed in the country and also on loan, now to Everton de Viña del Mar.  On 23 June 2009, Vidangossy was confirmed as a new Ñublense player, but he was released after only two months, momentarily retiring from football. He joined Ceará Sporting Club of the Brazilian Série A on 17 February 2010 but, shortly after, he returned to his country and signed for San Luis Quillota.  Vidangossy subsequently represented, in quick succession and always in the Chilean top flight, Deportes La Serena, Colo-Colo, Unión Española and Club Deportivo Palestino. On 27 August 2015, he was loaned by the latter side to Chiapas FC, who had the option to make the move permanent.  International career In 2007, Vidangossy was selected to play for the Chilean under-20 team in the 2007 South American Youth Championship that took place in Paraguay. There, he scored twice against Bolivia.  The nation went on to qualify for the 2007 FIFA U-20 World Cup that took place in Canada: in the quarter-finals against Nigeria, Vidangossy netted the last goal in a 4–0 extra time as the team eventually finished third, their best-ever performance in the category.  Honours  Club Unión Española Primera División de Chile (1): 2005 Apertura  Colo-Colo Primera División de Chile (1): 2014 Apertura  Country FIFA U-20 World Cup: Third-place 2007  References  External links  1987 births Living people Chilean people of Hungarian descent Footballers from Santiago Chilean men's footballers Men's association football midfielders Men's association football wingers Chilean Primera División players Segunda División Profesional de Chile
The Vitim (; , ; , ;  Buryat and , Vitim) is a major tributary of the Lena. Its source is east of Lake Baikal, at the confluence of rivers Vitimkan from the west and China from the east. The Vitim flows first south, bends eastwards and then northward in the Vitim Plateau. Then it flows north through the Stanovoy Highlands and the town of Bodaybo. Including river Vitimkan, its western source, it is  long, and has a drainage basin of .    It is navigable from the Lena to Bodaybo. Upstream, tugs can haul barges as far as the Baikal Amur Mainline (BAM), but this is becoming rare.    The Vitim is an excellent place for adventure rafting, but is rarely visited because of its isolation. Baissa, one of the famous localities of fossil insects is situated on the left bank of the Vitim River.  History The first Russian to explore the river was probably Maksim Perfilyev in 1639–40, who brought back reports of the upper Amur River. Formerly, because of its swift current, goods were hauled  overland from Chita to Romanovka. There boats were built, floated down the river, and broken up at their destination. This lasted until the late 1940s.  The Vitim event occurred in the Vitim River basin near Bodaybo on 25 September 2002. The event was probably caused by a bolide. The event was similar to Tagish Lake.  Course  Going upstream: Vitim town where the Vitim joins the Lena. Mama and Mama Airport, about  south of Vitim. A muscovite mica mine from 1705 until the late 1930s.  Now a small settlement. Mamakan, on a west-flowing stretch  south-southeast of Vitim. In 1963 a 86MW dam on the Mamakan River was completed, one of the first dams built on permafrost. Bodaybo, just upstream, a gold mining center founded in 1864.  Upstream, the port of Luzhki was the start of a road to the Lena gold fields. From here upstream the river goes crookedly east and then south. About  upstream from Bodaybo are the Delyun-Uran Rapids and after  more, the Parama Rapids. About  or so upstream, the Vitim is crossed by the Baikal Amur Mainline between Taksimo and Kuanda. Upriver there are more rapids and goldfields. South through the Stanovoy Mountains
Consort Yujiulü may refer to:  Consort Yujiulü (Northern Yan) ( 414), concubine of Feng Ba  Lu Zuo Zhaoyi (died after 430), concubine of Emperor Taiwu of Northern Wei Empress Gong (died 452), Tuoba Huang's
The Kids Are Alright () is a 2021 Spanish comedy film directed by Santiago Segura which stars Segura himself and Leo Harlem. It is a remake of the French film Attention au départ!.  Plot  Ricardo is charged with accompanying his son, along a group of kids, to a camp in Asturias. Felipe, the grand father of one of the latter, also goes alongside him. However, both end up missing the train, leaving the kids in their own way.  Cast  Production   Written by the director Santiago Segura alongside Marta González de Vega, the film is a remake of the 2021 French film , which actually hit the French theatres later than the Spanish release. The Kids are Alright was produced by Bowfinger International Pictures and Atresmedia Cine in collaboration with , Todos Al Tren La Película A.I.E. and Glow, with participation of Atresmedia and Movistar+.  Shooting took place in Asturias (including Illas, Avilés and ), but footage was also shot in locations of the province of Toledo (Illescas) and the Madrid region.  The film's original song, Tu tren, was performed by Carlos Jean and Bebe.  Release  Distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures España, the film was theatrically released in Spain on 8 July 2021. It became the highest-grossing Spanish film of 2021.  Reception  Rubén Romero Santos of Cinemanía gave the film 2 out of 5 stars. Lacking in creativity and displaying characters' indefinition, he found the kids' subplot to be a drag, to the point of "turning the viewer into a little Herod". He also found worrying the turn of the filmmaking career of Santiago Segura, having become an adaptator of inane family comedy films.  Fausto Fernández of Fotogramas gave it 4 out of 5 stars, praising the situations which the Leo Harlem's character set the rest of characters in. He considered both of the two film subplots to work fine: that of the kids in the train, and particularly the complementary one (a sort of road movie).  Raquel Hernández Luján of HobbyConsolas gave the film 45 out of 100 points, considering it to be a clone of previous Segura's proposals, praising the character performed by David Guapo, while decrying the cringeful jokes related to inclusive language and machismo, and overall the stale tone of the film.  Josu Eguren of El Correo gave the film 1 out of 3 stars, considering it fell short in terms of comedy. He pointed out at the film separating the gags dedicated to a child audience and those dedicated to an adult audience, with the "weak group of brats" on one side and the part led by Segura, Harlem and Guapo on the other side.  See also   List of Spanish films of 2021  References  External links   The Kids Are Alright at ICAA's Catálogo de Cinespañol  Spanish remakes
Joachim Baxla (16 January 1955 – 6 March 2017) was a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India. He represented the Alipurduars constituency of West Bengal and was a member of the Revolutionary Socialist Party (RSP) political party. He won the Alipurduars seat four times in a row. Baxla was denied a ticket by RSP to contest the 15th Lok Sabha. In protest, he resigned from the RSP and contested the Alipurduar constituency as an independent and lost badly. RSP candidate Manohar Tirkey won the seat. He was relegated to the fourth position. He then joined the Trinamool Congress contesting the 2011 West Bengal Assembly election from the Kumargram (Vidhan Sabha constituency), and again lost the election to his RSP rival Dasrath Tirkey.   Baxla died from cancer on 6 March 2017.  References  Sources  Official biographical sketch in Parliament of India website  1955 births 2017 deaths Lok Sabha members from West Bengal People from Jalpaiguri district Revolutionary Socialist Party (India) politicians India MPs 1996–1997 India MPs 1998–1999 India MPs 1999–2004 India MPs 2004–2009 People
Bradina fidelia is a moth in the family Crambidae. It was described by John Frederick Gates Clarke in 1986. It is found on the Marquesas Islands in French Polynesia.  References  Moths described
Gösta Ingvar Carlsson (born 9 November 1934) is a Swedish politician who twice served as Prime Minister of Sweden, first from 1986 to 1991 and again from 1994 to 1996. He was leader of the Swedish Social Democratic Party from 1986 to 1996. He is best known for leading Sweden into the European Union.  Carlsson was a member of the Riksdag from 1965 to 1996 representing the constituency of Stockholm County (until 1970 in the lower house). He served as Minister of Education from 1969 to 1973, as Minister of Housing in 1973 and again from 1974 to 1976, and as Minister of Environmental affairs from 1985 to 1986. He served as Deputy Prime Minister from 1982 to 1986, and assumed office as Prime Minister of Sweden upon the assassination of Prime Minister Olof Palme in 1986.  Early life  Carlsson was born in Borås, Västra Götaland County (then Älvsborg County), Sweden and is the third son of the warehouse worker Olof Karlsson and Ida, née Johansson. Carlsson has a diploma in business economics and a degree in political science from Lund University. In Lund he met with Tage Erlander, the Swedish prime minister, and his aide Olof Palme, later to become Erlander's successor. He graduated in 1952.  Early political career   After finishing studies Carlsson got a job in Erlander's staff, along with other young aides such as Palme and Bengt K. Å. Johansson. Erlander called this group "the boys". In 1965, Carlsson attended Northwestern University in Illinois in the United States as a Fulbright scholar studying economics. After returning home, he was elected member of the Swedish Parliament. In the same year, he also became leader of the Swedish Social Democratic Youth League. He had the following ministerial posts: Minister of Education 1969-1973, Minister of Housing 1973-1976, Deputy Prime Minister 1982-1986.  He was deputy prime minister to Prime Minister Olof Palme when Palme was assassinated.  Prime Minister  First premiership (1986-1991)  Following the assassination of Olof Palme in 1986, Ingvar Carlsson became the new Prime Minister or Statsminister and party leader. Together with Minister for Finance Kjell-Olof Feldt, the government turned a budget deficit of 90 billion SEK to a surplus of a few hundred billion SEK, which initially led to large investments and record low unemployment.  1980s Social Democratic neoliberal measures—such as depressing and deregulating the currency to prop up Swedish exports during the economic restructuring transition, dropping corporate taxation and taxation on high income-earners, and switching from anti-unemployment policies to anti-inflationary policies—were exacerbated by international recession, unchecked currency speculation, and a centre-right government led by Carl Bildt (1991–1994), creating the fiscal crisis of the early 1990s.  But Sweden's economy began to deteriorate in the early 1990s. In 1990 the Carlsson cabinet resigned after failing to gain a majority for its economic policy agenda, but was reinstated immediately with a slightly changed agenda.  In 1987, he visited United States President Ronald Reagan at the White House, becoming the first Swedish prime minister to visit a U.S. president since Erlander met John F. Kennedy in 1961.  Second premiership (1994-1996) The Social Democrats lost the elections in 1991, but Carlsson returned to power after the elections in 1994. When the Social Democrats returned to power in 1994, they responded to the fiscal crisis by stabilizing the currency—and by reducing the welfare state and privatizing public services and goods, as governments did in many countries influenced by Milton Friedman, the Chicago Schools of political and economic thought, and the neoliberal movement. As Prime Minister he also carried out a comprehensive reform of the tax system.  After three years in opposition and an election victory in the 1994 elections, Carlsson formed a new government. This government realigned its focus on cleaning up Swedish Government finances, and the task was assigned to the newly appointed Minister of Finance Göran Persson. The ensuing governing period was difficult and it was strongly criticized by trade unions and party members for government service cuts and tax increases that were instituted. On 19 December 1994, Carlsson announced the decision not to recover the wreck of the MS Estonia, or even the bodies of the victims of the disaster.  Carlsson pushed for Sweden to join
Carl Michael Edwards Jr. (born August 15, 1979) is an American former professional stock car racing driver. He last competed in the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series, driving the No. 19 Toyota Camry for Joe Gibbs Racing. Prior to that, he drove the No. 99 Ford Fusion for Roush Fenway Racing. He won the 2007 NASCAR Busch Series championship and nearly won the 2011 NASCAR Sprint Cup Series title, but lost by a tiebreaker to Tony Stewart. Edwards is known for doing a backflip off his car to celebrate his victories. In 2023, he was named one of NASCAR's 75 Greatest Drivers.  Early life Edwards was born on August 15, 1979, in Columbia, Missouri. He graduated from Rock Bridge High School in 1997. Edwards initially did not plan to attend college, but he received some state assistance and decided to attend the University of Missouri in his hometown of Columbia. After three semesters studying engineering, Edwards decided that university attendance was not working as he pursued his career goals in racing. Prior to becoming a full-time driver, Edwards was working as a substitute teacher while pursuing his racing career.  Racing career  NASCAR  Edwards' big break came in 2002, when he competed in seven NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series events for MB Motorsports. His best finish in the seven races was eighth at Kansas Speedway. He also ran one Busch Series race for Bost Motorsports, finishing 38th at Gateway International Raceway. However, it was enough to impress Jack Roush, and Edwards became a full-time Truck Series competitor for Roush Racing in 2003, driving the No. 99 Ford F-150, and won his first race at Kentucky Speedway. He won Rookie-of-the-Year honors in addition to three race wins, eventually finishing eighth in the points standings at the end of the season. In 2004, he notched three more race wins, including the season-opening Florida Dodge Dealers 250 at the Daytona International Speedway. At season's end, Edwards finished fourth in the points. In August 2004, he made his Nextel Cup Series debut, replacing Jeff Burton, who left the team, in the No. 99 Ford Taurus for Roush Racing, at the Michigan International Speedway. He finished 10th. He drove the No. 99 Ford for the remainder of the 2004 Nextel Cup. He also once again ran one Busch Series race; this time for Robby Benton's RAB Racing team at Bristol Motor Speedway.  2005 In 2005, Edwards signed on and became a full-time driver in both the Nextel Cup and Busch Series; although he had already run races in each in prior seasons. Shortly into the season, on March 19, 2005, Edwards made history in the process of winning. First, Edwards won the Aaron's 312 at the Atlanta Motor Speedway in Hampton, Georgia, recording his first Busch Series win. The next day, he beat Jimmie Johnson by 2 hundredths of a second to win the Golden Corral 500 at the same track for his first Nextel Cup Series win. Until this took place, no driver had ever won both the Busch and Nextel Cup Series races in the same weekend at Atlanta, although the feat had been pulled off numerous times before at other tracks by other drivers. Also, Edwards became the first driver in NASCAR history to pick up his first career Busch and Nextel Cup Series wins in the same weekend and became the 11th driver in NASCAR history to win races in all three of the organization's major racing series.   On June 12, 2005, Edwards picked up his second Nextel Cup win by taking the checkered flag at the Pocono 500 at the Pocono Raceway in Long Pond, Pennsylvania. The weekend was somewhat bittersweet for Edwards, as the Busch Series race at the Nashville Superspeedway in Lebanon, Tennessee had been rained out the night before, and rescheduled for the same day. Also, qualifying for that race had been rained out, and in NASCAR, when qualifying is rained out, the starting grid is set by owner points. Through this process, Edwards was awarded pole, but Hank Parker Jr. ended up driving the car to a 20th-place finish. Since Edwards
Lana: The Lady, the Legend, the Truth is a 1982 memoir by the American actress Lana Turner, published by Dutton. In it, Turner recalls her early life, her rise to stardom and personal troubles over the course of her career.  Synopsis Turner recounts her early life growing up in Wallace, Idaho, and San Francisco, followed by her discover at age 16 in Hollywood by William R. Wilkerson. She recalls various anecdotes and personal experiences as a rising star for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, as well as her numerous romances, marriages and miscarriages. She also narrates the 1958 killing of Johnny Stompanato by her daughter, Cheryl Crane, during a domestic struggle, followed by her later career in film and television.  Critical response Wayne Lawson of The New York Times wrote of the book,  The New York Timess Janet Maslin noted, "Lana Turner, though she isn't reflective or articulate even by movie star standards, has led a life that's a soap opera daydream. And she's got a one-of-a-kind Hollywood story to tell." Kirkus Reviews praised the book, writing,
Rewben Mashangva, also Guru Rewben Mashangva (born June 21, 1961), is a folk musician and singer from Manipur, India.  He is known for
Hrbine  () is a village is a village in the municipality of Glamoč in Canton 10,
Ehin is a surname. Notable people with the surname include: 
Lynda Susan Weinman (born January 24, 1955) is an American business owner, computer instructor, and author, who founded an online software training website, lynda.com, with her husband, Bruce Heavin. Lynda.com was acquired by online business network LinkedIn in April 2015 for $1.5 billion (~$ in ).  Weinman, with self-taught computer skills, worked in the film industry as a special effects animator, and became a faculty member at ArtCenter College of Design, UCLA, American Film Institute, and San Francisco State University  multimedia studies program teaching computer graphics, animation, interactive design, and motion graphics. She has also written several books.  Education Weinman graduated with a degree in humanities from The Evergreen State College in Olympia, Washington in 1976.  Career A year after graduating, Weinman opened two retail stores, Vertigo on Melrose and Vertigo on Sunset in Los Angeles. They closed in 1982.  Weinman worked for Dreamquest and as an independent contractor doing animation and special effects. She worked on several films, including RoboCop 2 (1990), Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure (1989), and Star Trek V: The Final Frontier (1989).  Weinman attributes her initial interest in computers to her having taught herself how to use an Apple II. She acquired these skills by reading the manual.  Weinman taught digital media and motion graphics at Art Center College of Design in Pasadena, California from 1989 to 1996. Her book designing web graphics, published by New Riders in 1995, often is credited with being the first title to discuss web authoring technologies from a visual design perspective.  Weinman was co-founder with her husband, Bruce Heavin, of the Ojai Digital Arts Center  in Ojai, California in 1999.  Lynda.com  The Lynda.com Online Training Library taught computer skills in video format to members through monthly and annual subscription-based plans. The company was founded in Ojai, California and has since moved to Ventura and Carpinteria, California, where, as of 2013, it employed nearly 500 full-time staff members and more than 140 teachers who earn royalties from their shared revenue model. The company website was created in 1995 and the company was incorporated in 1997.  Lynda.com evolved from its original conception as a free web resource for Lynda's students, to the site for her books on web design, to the registration hub for physical classrooms and conferences, to an online virtual knowledge library, where members could watch software and technology courses in several categories (3D and animation, audio, business, design, development, home computing, photography, video, and web and interactive design). The company also produced documentaries about creative professionals.  The company received $103 million (~$ in ) in venture capital funding in January 2013, led by Accel Partners and Spectrum Equity. On January 14, 2015, lynda.com announced it had raised $186 million (~$ in ) in financing, led by investment group TPG Capital.  The company since acquired the companies video2brain, an Austrian-based provider of online classes in web design and programming, available in German, French, Spanish, and English languages, and Compilr, provider of an online editor and sandbox.  On April 7, 2015, LinkedIn acquired Lynda.com in a deal worth $1.5 billion (~$ in ). The sale was immediately followed by a 10% cut in company staff. During the next half year, layoffs continued as Lynda.com departments were folded into LinkedIn.  Flashforward conferences Lynda.com and United Digital Artists Productions, Inc. (UAD) co-founded the Flashforward Conferences and the Flash Film Festival, which first took place in 1999. The Flashforward Conference, the first event focused on Macromedia Flash, held fourteen events in San Francisco, New York, London, and Amsterdam, serving more than 20,000 attendees over six years. The Flash Film Festival presented more than 200 awards to Flash sites and applications, to winners from more than 30 countries. The last scheduled conference took place in August 2008.  Works Weinman has authored or co-authored sixteen books as well as numerous magazine articles.  Books  Magazine articles  Web; Better Web Graphics with
Thomas Marychurch Russell (6 July 1863 – 28 February 1927), birth registered as Thomas Marychurch Freeman, was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and wicket-keeper who played for Essex and Marylebone Cricket Club. He was born in Lewisham and died in Leyton.  Russell played his first two matches for Essex in miscellaneous fixtures against Leicestershire during the 1893 season, featuring in a game against a team of touring Australians just six weeks later, a match in which one-time Test cricketer and Wisden Cricketer of the Year Walter Mead picked up seventeen wickets, the most valuable haul ever made in a first-class cricket match by an Essex player.  Russell's debut first-class match came in 1894, when Essex played in eight miscellaneous first-class fixtures against county-representative teams who, the following year, would convene to set up the brand new County Championship, running its first full season in 1895. Russell performed well, scoring two half-centuries, and making twenty-seven catches and six stumpings as a wicket-keeper. His debut century would follow in a game against Surrey which the team would win by an innings margin.  The final match of Russell's 1896 season saw him score a pair, though confidence was restored when Russell made two stumpings in the first game of 1897. Essex performed well throughout this season, finishing third in the County Championship with seven wins under their belt from a sixteen-match campaign. 1898 was Russell's second-highest scoring season, despite him playing six more first-class matches than in his highest, two years previously. This season also saw him score his second of three first-class centuries, scoring his highest career score thus-far of 122 not out against Hampshire, a score which would only be improved upon
Route 177 is a provincial highway in the southwestern portion of the Canadian province of New Brunswick. Its main purpose is to serve the town of Grand Bay-Westfield. Route 177 is a former alignment of Route 7 and is 19.6 kilometres long.  The southern end of Route 177 is at Route 7 exit 90 at Crane Mountain in the city of Saint John. The road runs northeast to the Westfield Road, the original road built along the Saint John River. Route 177 is known as River Valley Drive in the former town of Grand Bay, and Nerepis Road in the former village of Westfield. In these sections, those street names are used for civic addresses. A small portion of the road that is in the Saint John city limits is officially called Westfield Road. The road serves the Westfield ferry to the Kingston Peninsula and intersects Route 102 in the centre of Westfield. This was Route 177's northern terminus; however, since the construction of the Welsford Bypass, the route continues north on Nerepis Road through Sagwa, and Welsford. The route's northern terminus ends at Route 7 at exit 71. Thereafter, the road continues as Eagle Rock Road (a former alignment of Route 7) to Route 101 and Route 7 at exit 63.  History The road was part of Route 7 until the
The Sound and the Fury is a novel by the American author William Faulkner. It employs several narrative styles, including stream of consciousness. Published in 1929, The Sound and the Fury was Faulkner's fourth novel, and was not immediately successful. In 1931, however, when Faulkner's sixth novel, Sanctuary, was published—a sensationalist story, which Faulkner later said was written only for money—The Sound and the Fury also became commercially successful, and Faulkner began to receive critical attention.  Overview  The Sound and the Fury is set in Jefferson, Mississippi, in the first third of the 20th century. The novel centers on the Compson family, former Southern aristocrats who are struggling to deal with the dissolution of their family and its reputation. Over the course of the 30 years or so related in the novel, the family falls into financial ruin, loses its religious faith and the respect of the town of Jefferson, and many of them die tragically.  The novel is separated into four narratives. The first, reflecting events occurring and consequent thoughts and memories on April 7, 1928, is written in the voice and from the perspective of Benjamin "Benjy" Compson, an intellectually disabled 33-year-old man.  Benjy's section is characterized by a disjointed narrative style with frequent chronological leaps.  The second section, taking place on June 2, 1910, focuses on Quentin Compson, Benjy's older brother, and the events leading up to Quentin's suicide. This section is written in the stream-of-consciousness style and also contains frequent chronological leaps.  In the third section, set a day before the first on April 6, 1928, Faulkner writes from the point of view of Jason, Quentin's cynical younger brother.   In the fourth section, set a day after the first on April 8, 1928, Faulkner introduces a third-person omniscient point of view. This last section primarily focuses on Dilsey, one of the Compsons' black servants, and her relations with Jason and "Miss" Quentin Compson (daughter of Quentin's sister Caddy), as Dilsey contemplates the thoughts and deeds of everyone in the Compson family.  In 1945, Faulkner wrote a "Compson Appendix" to be included with future printings of The Sound and the Fury. It contains a 30-page history of the Compson family from 1699 to 1945.  Plot  Part 1: April 7, 1928 The first section of the novel is narrated by Benjamin "Benjy" Compson, a source of shame to the family (primarily his mother) due to his diminished mental capacity; the only characters who show genuine care for him are Caddy, his older sister, and Dilsey, a matronly family retainer. His narrative voice is characterized predominantly by its nonlinearity: spanning the period 1898–1928, Benjy's narrative is a series of non-chronological events presented in a stream of consciousness. The presence of italics in Benjy's section indicates significant shifts in the narrative. Originally Faulkner conceived the use of different colors of ink to signify chronological breaks. This nonlinearity makes the style of this section particularly challenging, but Benjy's style develops a cadence that, while not chronologically coherent, provides unbiased insight into many characters' true motivations.  Moreover, Benjy's caretaker changes to indicate the time period: Luster in the present, T.P. in Benjy's teenage years, and Versh during Benjy's infancy and childhood.  In this section we see Benjy's three passions: fire, the golf course on land that used to belong to the Compson family, and his sister Caddy. But by 1928 Caddy has been banished from the Compson home after her husband divorced her because her child was not his, and the family has had to sell pastureland to a local golf club to finance Quentin's Harvard education. In the opening scene, Benjy, accompanied by Luster, a servant boy, watches golfers on the nearby golf course as he waits to hear them call "caddie"—the name of his favorite sibling. When one of them calls for his golf caddie, Benjy's mind embarks on a whirlwind course of memories of his sister, Caddy, focusing on one critical scene. In 1898 when their grandmother died, the four Compson children were forced to play outside during the funeral. In order to see what was going on inside, Caddy climbed a tree in the yard, and while looking inside, her brothers — Quentin, Jason and Benjy — looked up and noticed that her underwear was muddy. This is Benjy's first memory, and he associates Caddy with trees throughout the rest of his arc, often saying that she smells like trees. Other crucial memories in this section are Benjy's change of name (originally "Maury", after his maternal uncle, a wastrel) in 1900 upon the discovery of his disability; the marriage and divorce of Caddy (1910), and Benjy's castration, resulting from an attack on a girl that is alluded to briefly within this chapter when a gate is left unlatched and Benjy is out unsupervised.  Part 2: June 2, 1910 Quentin, the most intelligent of the Compson children, gives the novel's best example of Faulkner's narrative technique. We see him as a freshman at Harvard, wandering the streets of Cambridge, contemplating death, and remembering his family's estrangement from his sister Caddy. Like the first section, its narrative is not strictly linear, though the two interweaving threads, of Quentin at Harvard on the one hand, and of his memories on the other, are clearly discernible.  Quentin's main obsession is Caddy's virginity and purity. He is obsessed with Southern ideals of chivalry and is strongly protective of women, especially his sister. When Caddy engages in sexual promiscuity, Quentin is horrified. He turns to his father for
Geffrey Davis (born 1983) is an American poet and professor. He is the author of Revising the Storm (2014) and Night Angler (2019). He teaches in The Arkansas Programs in Creative Writing and Translation at the University of Arkansas and lives in Fayetteville, Arkansas. He also serves on the poetry faculty at the Rainier Writing Workshop, a low-residency MFA program at Pacific Lutheran University.  Personal life and education  Davis was born in Seattle, Washington in 1983 and graduated from Stadium High School, a public school in Tacoma, Washington, in 2001.  Davis earned his B.A. from Oregon State University in 2006. As an undergraduate student, Davis first double majored in zoology and photography. As an English major at Oregon State, he took creative writing courses from the poets Joseph Millar and David Biespiel and from the fiction writer Marjorie Sandor.  After taking a year off after graduation, Davis worked at a grocery store until he moved to State College, Pennsylvania, where he received three graduate degrees—an M.A. in English (2009), an M.F.A. in Poetry (2012), and a Ph.D. in English (2014)—from The Pennsylvania State University.  As a graduate student,
The Wanji are an ethnic and linguistic group native to Makete District, in the Kipengere Mountains of
System X (pronounced "System Ten") was a supercomputer assembled by Virginia Tech's Advanced Research Computing facility in the summer of 2003. Costing US$5.2 million, it was originally composed of 1,100 Apple Power Mac G5 computers with dual 2.0 GHz processors. System X was decommissioned on May 21, 2012.  System X ran at 12.25 Teraflops, (20.24 peak), and was ranked #3 on November 16, 2003  and #280 in the July 2008 edition of the TOP500 list of the world's most powerful supercomputers. The system used error-correcting (ECC) RAM, which is important for accuracy due to the rate of bits flipped by cosmic rays or other interference sources in its vast number of RAM chips.  Background  The supercomputer's name originates from the use of the Mac OS X operating system for each node, and because it was the first university computer to achieve 10 teraflops on the high performance LINPACK benchmark. The supercomputer is also known as Big Mac or Terascale Cluster.  In 2003 it was also touted as "the world's most powerful and cheapest homebuilt supercomputer." System X was constructed with a relatively low budget of just $5.2 million, in the span of only three months, thanks in large part to using off-the-shelf Power Mac G5 computers.  By comparison, the Earth Simulator, the fastest supercomputer at the time, cost approximately $400 million to build.  Upgrade to Server-Grade Parts  In 2004, Virginia Tech upgraded its computer to Apple's newly released, Xserve G5 servers. The upgraded version ranked #7 in the 2004 TOP500 list and its server-grade error-correcting memory solved the problem of cosmic
A mass shooting took place on September 19, 2020, in Rochester, New York, United States, at a late-night backyard party on Pennsylvania Avenue. Two people were killed and fourteen others were injured. No arrests have been made. It is considered the largest mass shooting in Rochester in recent memory.  Background   The city police has been mired in scandal in the wake of the killing of Daniel Prude. Mayor Lovely Warren fired Rochester Police Department chief La'Ron Singletary on the Monday prior to the shooting, and he had been replaced by Mark Simmons. On the day preceding the shooting, the city council authorized an investigation into Prude's death.  House parties have been a cause of violence in Rochester in the months prior to the shooting, as well as being an issue for COVID-19 containment. After 70 people were shot in a six-week span between June 1 to July 15, Mayor Warren issued an emergency order banning public gatherings of five or more people between 11:00 p.m. and 5:00 a.m. as well as banning indoor gatherings of more than 10 people in locations without a liquor license. Warren said that the shootings happened at late night parties on city streets. Her order was protested by residents, including Free the People Roc and the Coalition for Black Lives, the groups saying "the city has shown a complete disregard for black lives as they continue to criminalize black and brown for simply existing in their neighborhoods."  Incident  The shooting took place at a party that was intended to be small, however it was joined by people from two adjacent parties. Following an argument, three or four people opened fire with handguns. Police recovered more than forty bullet casings from the crime scene.  At 12:25 a.m. on September 19, the Rochester Police Department responded to calls of gunfire at a neighborhood near the Rochester Public Market and arrived to find about 100 people running down the street from the gunfire. In the night following the shooting, a large police response force was near Rochester Public Market.  Victims  Two people, a man and a woman, were killed in the shooting, both aged 19. According to the police, they were bystanders and were not intentionally targeted by the gunmen. Fourteen others were wounded, all aged between 17 and 23 years old. One of the victims, a graduate of East High School, was honored with a memorial patch worn by the school's football team for the season starting in March 2021.  Investigation  In October 2020, police offered a reward of up to $10,000 for information on the shooters. On March 19, 2021, the Rochester police gave an update to the case, saying that they had interviewed more than a hundred people and believed that 15 guns had been fired during the shooting. The police said that they were making good progress on the case, but was also stalled because of COVID considerations. According to police, an argument in front of the house led to a fight, which led to one individual firing a shot into the air, which then led several other people who were carrying guns to draw and fire.  Reactions  Speaking in the hours after the incident, interim
Lizards Foot () is a rocky spur forming the east end of the Saint Johns Range in Victoria Land, Antarctica.
UFC on FX: Maynard vs. Guida (also known as UFC on FX 4) was a mixed martial arts event held by the Ultimate Fighting Championship on June 22, 2012 in Revel Casino in Atlantic City, New Jersey.  Background  The main event consists of a five-round, non-championship, bout between Clay Guida and Gray Maynard. This was Guida's first fight since losing to future UFC Lightweight Champion Benson Henderson on November 12, 2011 at UFC on Fox 1.  Maynard's previous bout was on October 8, 2011 at UFC 136, against then UFC Lightweight Champion Frankie Edgar.  The event was the seventh that the UFC has hosted in Atlantic City, but the first since UFC 53 in 2005.  Rich Attonito was expected to face Rick Story at the event. However, Attonito was forced out of the bout with an injury and replaced by Papy Abedi. Abedi was also forced out of the fight with an injury and replaced by newcomer Brock Jardine.  Jimy Hettes was expected to face Steven Siler at the event. However, Hettes was forced out of the bout with an injury and replaced by newcomer Joey Gambino.  Matt Riddle was expected to face Luis Ramos in the event. However, Riddle was forced out of the bout with an injury and replaced by Matt Brown.  Edwin Figueroa was expected to face Ken Stone at the event. However, Figueroa was forced out of the bout with an injury and replaced by Francisco Rivera. Rivera was injured as well and was replaced by Dustin Pague, who had just fought and won at UFC on FX: Johnson vs. McCall two weeks before this event.  Results 
Industry Standard (usually extended to Where's My Towel/Industry Standard) is the debut studio LP by the American punk rock band Big Boys. It was released in 1981 on vinyl through Wasted Talent Records, operated by members of the Judy's. In 2004, the record was reissued on vinyl by Red C Records. It has never been officially released on cassette or CD, although it appears in its entirety on The Skinny Elvis, a retrospective multi-format compilation released by Touch and Go in 1993. The album's title and many of its themes were inspired by a growing dissatisfaction with elements of the Austin, Texas punk rock scene from which the Big Boys had spawned.  Background In 1980, the infamous Austin club Raul's was sold to Steve Hayden, who implemented several policies that conflicted with the band's ideology , including the banning of cover songs to avoid paying publishing fees. Hayden funded the release of Live at Raul's Club, a split LP with fellow Austin punk rock band the Dicks, hoping the Big Boys' side would receive radio airplay based on its comparatively mild lyrical content. According to guitarist Tim Kerr, Hayden repeatedly justified his management decisions by claiming conformation to an industry standard. The song Complete Control explored the band's relationship with Hayden. Spit was written about another local club, whose owner refused to let them play an agreed upon second set, claiming their stage presence distracted customers from purchasing alcohol. Following the recording of Industry Standard with producer David Bean of The Judy's, the second title Where's My Towel was added to the sleeve after a friend of the band described Kerr's cover artwork with the phrase.  Track listing  Personnel  Randy Turner - lead and backing vocals  Tim Kerr - guitar, backing and lead vocals, bass  Chris Gates - bass, backing vocals, guitar  Greg Murray - drums  Production  David Bean - producer, engineer  Big
Vandse is a village in Kundapura taluk (sub district) of Udupi district, Karnataka state, India. The population is about
On 2 June 2023, three trains collided in Balasore district in Odisha state of eastern India. The Coromandel Express entered the passing loop instead of the main line near Bahanaga Bazar railway station at full speed and collided with a goods train. Due to the high speed of the Coromandel Express, its 21 coaches derailed and three of those collided with the oncoming SMVT Bengaluru–Howrah Superfast Express on the adjacent track.  A total of 296 people were killed in the crash and more than 1,200 others were injured. It was India's deadliest railway crash since the Firozabad rail collision in 1995, although the Gaisal train collision in 1999 may have killed more people. It was also the deadliest rail disaster worldwide since the 2004 Sri Lanka tsunami train wreck.  Crash  On 2 June 2023, the 12841 Coromandel Express was travelling from Shalimar in Howrah, West Bengal, to MGR Chennai Central in Chennai, Tamil Nadu on the up main line at the Bahanaga Bazar railway station. Around the same time, the 12864 Bengaluru–Howrah Express was travelling in the opposite direction from SMVT Bengaluru in Bangalore, Karnataka, to Howrah on the adjacent down main line. Both trains, not scheduled to stop at the railway station and having received a green signal indicating it was safe to proceed along the main line, were at their highest permitted speed of .  At about 19:00 IST (13:30 GMT), the Coromandel Express was supposed to continue straight on the up main line but was wrongly switched to the parallel up loop line at full speed, where it collided with a stationary goods train laden with iron ore. Because of the high impact speed, 21 coaches of the train were derailed from the main line. The goods train did not derail or move.  Three of the derailed coaches from the Coromandel Express careened into the adjacent track and whiplashed the tail end of the Bengaluru–Howrah Express crossing the station at the same time. Two unreserved coaches and the brake van of the Bengaluru–Howrah Express were derailed. The remainder of the train, which included the engine and 20 coaches, left with its passengers and continued to Balasore, where a further damaged coach was detached. The remaining 19 coaches then continued their journey to the train's destination of Howrah. It was reported that the reserved compartments of the Bengaluru–Howrah Express sustained no passenger fatalities or injuries. Officials said that ascertaining the identification of passengers on the unreserved coaches would take time.  According to the Indian Railways spokesperson, the engine, parcel van and two general coaches of the Coromandel Express were the worst impacted in the incident. According to Reuters’ analysis, on the two passenger trains, the carriages worst damaged were the non-air conditioned ones, some of which were unreserved coaches that are often the most crowded and that allow anyone with the cheapest category ticket to board without a specific seat reserved for them. These unreserved and general coaches are frequently used by migrant workers across India.  Emergency response   Indian Railways published the reservation charts of both the passenger trains on its website. The railways and the governments of Odisha, West Bengal and Tamil Nadu also issued helpline numbers. According to the Odisha Chief Secretary Pradeep Jena,  Local bus companies assisted in transporting injured passengers. Local civilians provided passengers with water and helped them retrieve their luggage where possible.  The Government of West Bengal sent 30 ambulances to assist with the rescue and recovery of the wounded. In addition, 40 doctors and several nursing staff were sent. The Government of Tamil Nadu sent a high level delegation comprising two state ministers and three IAS officers to Odisha to assist the passengers bound for Chennai and observe the situation. It also arranged a treatment facility with 70 beds at Chennai's Rajiv Gandhi Government General Hospital.  The search for and recovery of trapped and injured passengers continued through the night of 2 June and was concluded on the afternoon of 3 June. Search dogs were used to find survivors. South Eastern Railway announced that efforts had commenced to restore the crash site the next day. A number of locals from Balasore, Bhadrak, and Cuttack came to hospitals to donate blood.  Victims  A total of 296 people died in the crash. Almost all of the dead were in the first three cars of the Coromandel Express, in the so-called general category coaches, where many passengers stand. Bodies of deceased passengers were taken to a local high school, chosen due to its open spaces and location close to the crash site. Identification of bodies was made more difficult
The Berlin-Liga (VI), formerly the Verbandsliga Berlin, is the highest league for football teams exclusively in the German capital. Since German reunification in 1990, it has been the highest level of domestic football in the city, replacing the Amateur-Oberliga Berlin in this position. After the 2007–08 season the Verbandsliga was renamed Berlin-Liga.  It is the sixth tier of the German football league system. Until the introduction of the 3. Liga in 2008 it was the fifth tier of the league system; until the introduction of the Regionalligen in 1994 the fourth tier.  Overview  The Berlin-Liga was formed in 1992 as the
Isaac Frederick Julies (born 12 March 1952) is a South African politician who represented the Democratic Alliance (DA) in the National Assembly from 2006 to 2009. Though not initially elected in 2004, he was sworn in on 22 February 2006 to fill the casual vacancy arising from Sarel Haasbroek's death. He represented the Western Cape constituency and was the DA's
"Miss Me Blind" is a song by English new wave band Culture Club. Known for a guitar solo midway through the song , it was the third single released from the album Colour by Numbers in North America, peaking at number 5 on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart in spring 1984. This gave the band its sixth consecutive top 10 hit in the US, as well as its final top 10 hit in that country, although the group would score several other top 20 hits in the US.  The single reached number 5 in Canada, and was also released in several South American countries, Australia, and Japan. It was also the band's biggest R&B hit, reaching number 5 on the US Billboard Soul/R&B chart.  The song is a catchy R&B-pop number that alludes to a love-gone-sour relationship. The song's lyrics "But you know/I'm never really sure/If you're just kissing to be clever", is a reference to the band's debut album title.  Cash Box said that the song illustrates lead
"Moment by Moment" is the title theme song to the 1978 Universal Pictures film Moment by Moment starring Lily Tomlin and John Travolta. It is written by Lee Holdridge and Molly-Ann Leikin and performed by American singer Yvonne Elliman. The song is featured twice on the film's soundtrack album,
Noch Velesova  (Ночь Велесова - Night of Veles) is the second live album by the Russian pagan / folk metal band Arkona. It was released on 11 February 2009 through Sound Age Production in Russia and in
The Government Degree College, Battagram also known as Degree College Battagram is a public sector degree college located in Battagram District of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa in Pakistan. It is affiliated with Hazara University for its degree programs while for its intermediate level programs, it is affiliated with Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education, Abbottabad.  History  Government Degree College Battagram is situated in a valley of Chappargram adjacent to Karakoram Highway (Shahra-e-Resham, Silk Route). It is the only degree college for boys in Battagram District providing education both at Intermediate and degree level in Physical, Biological and Social Sciences. The college was established in 1999. The current campus was built with the assistance of Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) in 2009.  Location  The college is located at Chappargram, Battagram, on Karakoram Highway-College Rd at a distance of about  from district headquarter Battagram.  It is also located at a distance of about 1 km from the village Chappargram.  Departments and faculties  The college currently have the following departments and faculties.  Faculty of Arts   Department of Economics  Department of Health and Physical Education  Department of History  Department of Islamiyat  Department of Law  Department of Pashto  Department of Political Science  Faculty of Science   Department of Biology  Department of Chemistry  Department of Mathematics  Department of Physics  Department of Statistics  Academic
Alexander George Bateman is a computational biologist and Head of Protein Sequence Resources at the European Bioinformatics Institute (EBI), part of the European Molecular Biology Laboratory (EMBL) in Cambridge, UK. He has led the development of the Pfam biological database and introduced the Rfam database of RNA families. He has also been involved in the use of Wikipedia for community-based annotation of biological databases.  Education Bateman received a Bachelor of Science degree in Biochemistry from Newcastle University
The Institute of History and Ethnology named after Abbasgulu Bakikhanov of Azerbaijan National Academy of Sciences is a scientific research institute affiliated with ANAS.  History  Azerbaijan National Academy of Sciences of History and Ethnology Institute was established in 1935 as an independent History, Archeology and Ethnography Institute which was subject to Azerbaijani Branch of the USSR Academy of Sciences. The institute has been operating since 1936. Within the structure of USSR Academy of Sciences’ Azerbaijani branch the institute started function as a separate scientific research institution since 1940. When the Azerbaijan SSR Academy of Sciences was organized in 1945 the History Institute was incorporated into its structure as an independent scientific institution. Later, in 1951, the Institute of History was transformed into the Institute of History and Philosophy of the Academy of Sciences of the Azerbaijan SSR and in 1956, after the creation of the Philosophy Sector affiliated with EA of Azerbaijan, it again began to function as an independent institute. In 1974, the Archeology and Ethnography Sector was established which initially operated as dependent bodies on History Institute, but since 1993, it has become a body.  Heads of the institute  The Institute of History and Ethnology named after Abbasgulu Bakikhanov of Azerbaijan National Academy of Sciences has been headed by the following scientists:   Meshchaninov Ivan Ivanovich (1936 - 1937)  Ziffeld-Simumyagi Arthur Rudolfovich (08.05.1937 - 01.06.1937)  Ahmadov Ahmad Ali oglu (01.06.1937 - 11.07.1937)  Hasanov Idris Meshedi Zaman oglu (19.07.1937 - 17.02.1938)  Kozin Yakov Dmitriyevich (09.01.1940 – 28.10.1940)  Klimov Aleksey Alekseyevich (17.02.1938 - 01.01.1939 (1)/ 29.10.1940 - 10.04.1941 (2))  Huseynov Ismayil Abbas oglu (10.04.1941 - 25.02.1944)  Alizadeh Abdulkarim
Hovsep Vartanian (), better known as Vartan Pasha (; 1813 – 1879), was an Ottoman Armenian statesman, author, and journalist of the 19th century, promoted to the rank of pasha after three decades in the service of the state. He is also notable for his novel "Akabi's Story" (Akabi Hikâyesi), published in 1851 in Turkish written in the Armenian script (a not unusual practice in the 19th century), and for having published the bilingual magazine Mecmua-i Havadis, an important reference in the history of the Turkish written press.  His novel is, according to the Austrian Turkologist Andreas Tietze who re-edited it and had a transcription published in 1991, the first genuine novel published in Turkey or, according to another viewpoint, "one of the five early, contemporaneous and intermediate works of fiction that were clearly distinct from earlier prose traditions in both Divan and folk literature, and that approximate novelistic form."  The question of which was the first Turkish novel is still debated. The first Turkish novel has often been considered to be Sami Frashëri's "Love affair between Talat and Fitnat" (Ta'aşşuk-ı Tal'at ve Fitnat), published in 1872. On the other hand, although written in Turkish, Vartan Pasha's "Akabi's Story", because of its fully Armenian context, can also be considered as the first Armenian novel that saw print (Khachatur Abovian's Wounds of Armenia having been published in 1858).  Biography Hovsep Vartanian (), was born in 1813 to Catholic Armenian parents. At the age of 13, he set out for Vienna, where he was enrolled in the school of Mechitarists. Upon returning to the Ottoman Empire, he worked as a teacher for a couple of years, after which he took up a post in 1837 in the Dragoman's office of the Ottoman Empire. Rising through the ranks of the state bureaucracy, he was promoted to the rank of "Pasha" at the same time as his assignment as a founding member to the Ottoman Academy (Encümen-i Daniş), established along lines similar to those of the Académie française and which also acted as a consultative council for the Sultan. He wrote the novel "Akabi's Story" in 1851, while he was a member of the
The Lordship of Albarracín was an independent Christian lordship in the Kingdom of Aragón located in and around the city of Albarracín. Its location was a buffer wedged between the Kingdom of Aragón and the Kingdom of Castile. The Señorío was created after the partition of the Taifa of Albarracín belonging to the Berber line of Banu Razín.  History  Establishment  In 1167, under the pressure from the ongoing wars between the Almoravid Dynasty and the new invasions of the Almohad Caliphate, the Moorish King Muhammad ibn Mardanis (nicknamed the Wolf King), ceded the Taifa of Albarracín to a vassal of Sancho VI of Navarre, a noble from Estella-Lizarra named Pedro Ruiz de Azagra. The title was granted to d'Azagra due to his support of the Navarrese Crown against Alfonso VIII of Castile and Alfonso I of Aragón (Alfonso the Battler).  In 1172, Pero Ruíz d'Azagra managed to consolidate his power over the Señorío making that territory independent of the other Christian Kingdoms in the region. In 1190, with the signing of the Borja Accords, between Alfonso II of Aragon and Sancho VI of Navarre, the two monarchs agreed to a defensive pact against Alfonso VIII of Castile which gave official legitimacy to the Sinyoría d'Albarrazín with respect to the two kingdoms.  Troubles with the Kingdom of Aragón  In 1220, Albarracín became one of the scenes of the First Noble Revolt Against James I of Aragón, a revolt that was fostered by Rodrigo de Lizana with the help of Pedro Fernández de Azagra, the contemporary Señor of Albarracín. James I of Aragón decided to besiege the city that same year but lifted the siege after he failed to gain significant support from his nobility.  Conquest of the Taifa of Valencia  The House of Azagra remained out of favor with the Crown of Aragón until the Reconquista of Valencia in which they collaborated with the Aragonese Crown. In 1233, they participated in the conquest of Valencia. One of the major battles the Señorío contributed its forces to was the Siege of Burriana which resulted in a victory for Aragon over the Zayyan ibn Mardanish and the Taifa of Valencia.  Downfall and integration into the Kingdom of Aragón  The House of Azagra remained dominant in the region for six generations thanks to the support received from the Kingdom of Aragon. In 1281, with the signing of the Treaty of d'Ágreda by Peter III of Aragon and Alfonso X of Castile came to an agreement and Aragon was free to pursue territorial expansion in the region of Albarrazín and elsewhere. In 1284, the Sinyoría d'Albarrazín was conquered by the Kingdom of Aragon after a lengthy siege lasting from April to September of that year. Attempts to recover the lands by the contemporary lord, Juan Núñez I de Lara, who decided to pursue an alliance with the Kingdom of France, were defeated.
The Ceylon Volunteer Service Medal (sometimes referred to as the Government of Ceylon War Medal) is a non-wearable campaign medal awarded by the Government of Ceylon to all members of the Ceylonese armed forces that volunteered for overseas service during World War I. The exact number of medals struck is disputed, with sources citing numbers between 450 and 3000. The medal was the only one of its kind, Ceylon being the only British crown colony to issue a medal of its own for its citizens' service in the war. Those awarded the medal were servicemen of the Ceylon Defence Force (including the all-European Ceylon Planters' Rifle Corps).  Design The medal was cast in bronze, having dimensions of 45 x 52 x 3 mm. The obverse depicts the personification of Ceylon- a seated, right-facing robed and laureate female figure placing, with her right hand, a laurel wreath crown on the bowed head of a left-facing soldier kneeling on his left knee. The soldier rests his cap on the ground with his right hand, while the
Enrique Melo (born 23 April 1953) is a Spanish former freestyle swimmer. He competed in two events at the 1972 Summer Olympics.  References  External links 
Dhu Loch (also known as "Loch Dhu") is an impounding reservoir, located 1 kilometre directly west of the much larger Loch Fad and 5 kilometres south west of Rothesay. The loch is part of the water supply system for the town. The earthen dam is 8.1 metres high and was completed in 1905.  See also  List of reservoirs and dams in the United Kingdom  Sources "Argyll and Bute Council Reservoirs Act 1975 Public Register"  Reservoirs
The Runnymede Theatre is a historic building located in Bloor West Village, an affluent west end Toronto neighbourhood.  The building has operated as a vaudeville theatre, a movie theatre, a bingo hall, and a Chapters bookstore. The building is now a Shoppers Drug Mart.  History  Commonly known as the "Runny", the Runnymede was built by the Capitol (later Famous Players) as an atmospheric vaudeville theatre, the first of this type in Toronto. It officially opened in June 1927. The building was designed by Alfred Chapman, father of Chris Chapman, an accomplished Toronto filmmaker. Known for its music and stage shows, the large 1400-seat theatre, branded "Canada's Theatre Beautiful", quickly became popular and brought prestige to the west end of the city. As an atmospheric theatre, the interior of the Runnymede was designed to transport its guests to an exotic place. The painted blue sky ceiling was adorned with clouds, where a complex lighting system projected an array of stars and airplanes. The walls were decorated with a mural, which produced an illusion of being in a courtyard. The building discontinued to be used for plays and live entertainment with the gradual death of vaudeville, and was subsequently converted to a movie theatre in the late 1930s. In the early 1970s, the building became a bingo hall in order to capitalize on bingo's popularity. In 1980, the building reopened as a movie theatre again, featuring two screens. In 1990, the building was
Federico López Camacho (March 26, 1962 – November 6, 2006), better known as Fico López, was a Puerto Rican professional basketball player. He was a member of
Lesman Paredes Montano (born 5 March 1996) is a Colombian born Bahraini weightlifter who won a Gold medal at the 2021 World Championships. He represents Bahrain since July 2022. He also won the gold medal in the men's 96kg event at the 2022 World Weightlifting Championships held in Bogotá, Colombia.  He set a new world record in the snatch of 187 kilograms (412.2 pounds) at the 2021 World Weightlifting Championships in 96 kg category. He is also a two-time gold medalist in the men's 102 kg event at the Pan American Weightlifting Championships.  He won the gold medal in his event at the 2022 Asian Weightlifting Championships held in Manama, Bahrain.  Paredes was born in Cali and raised in Buenaventura.  Major results  References  External links        Lesman Paredes Montano at The-Sports.org 
Sony Television, Sony TV, or Sony HD may refer to any of the following television-related products from Japanese conglomerate Sony:  Television sets designed and manufactured by Sony Corporation in Japan  Trinitron, television hardware brand (1968-2008)  Bravia (brand),
Fergie Reid (1849 – 18 November 1924) was an Australian trade unionist and politician who was a Labor Party member of the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia from 1901 to 1904, representing the seat of Mount Burges.  Reid was born in Ayrshire, Scotland, and began working in the mines in Linlithgow at the age of twelve. He emigrated to Australia in 1878, initially living in Newcastle, New South Wales, where he became involved in the growing labour movement. Reid arrived in Western Australia in 1896, and lived for periods in Leonora, Malcolm, and Coolgardie. He was a branch official of the Australian Workers' Association in the Eastern Goldfields, and was also a justice of the peace. Reid entered parliament at the 1901 state election, winning the newly created seat of Mount Burges. His seat was abolished at the 1904 election, and he unsuccessfully sought Labor preselection for the seat of Yilgarn, losing to Austin Horan.  At the 1904 Legislative Council elections, Reid was preselected as the Labor
Stephen Michael Kosslyn (born 1948) is an American psychologist and neuroscientist. Kosslyn is best known for his work on visual cognition and the science of learning. Kosslyn currently serves as the president of Active Learning Sciences Inc., which helps institutions design active-learning based courses and educational programs. He is also the founder and chief academic officer of Foundry College, an online two-year college.  Biography   Kosslyn attended graduate school at Stanford University and received a PhD in psychology from Stanford in 1974. After an appointment as assistant professor of psychology at Johns Hopkins, he joined the faculty at Harvard in 1977, where he is currently listed as Professor Emeritus. At Harvard, Kosslyn served as the departmental chair, Dean of Social Sciences, and the John Lindsley Professor. He also was co-director of the Mind of the Market Lab at Harvard Business School and was an associate in the department of neurology at the Massachusetts General Hospital. In 2010, Kosslyn was appointed director of the Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences at Stanford University. Kosslyn was then the Founding Dean and Chief Academic Officer of the Minerva Schools (now Minerva University).   Between 1998 and 2002, Kosslyn received $200,000 in donations from Jeffrey Epstein for his research. A
Jack Keith Berry (1930–2022) was an American politician. He served as a Democratic member for the 113-2 district of the Georgia House of Representatives.  Life and career  Berry was born August 30, 1930, in Colleton County, South Carolina. He attended Savannah High School, The Citadel, and Emory University School of Law.  Berry served in the
Varaz or Waraz may refer to:  Baraz
Domingo Cullen (1791 – 21 June 1839) was the governor of province of Santa Fe, Argentina during 1838.  Biography Cullen was born in Tenerife, Canary Islands, but moved to Argentina in the 1820s after establishing commercial activities (linked with fluvial trade) in the area. He met Santa Fe's caudillo Estanislao López when serving as a deputy of the Cabildo of Montevideo. After being involved in activism related to the independence of Uruguay and the resistance against Brazil (see Cisplatine War), he returned to Santa Fe, settled in a ranch, and married Joaquina Rodríguez del Fresno, the young widow of Pedro Aldao and sister-in-law of López. In 1828 he became a counselor of López, and his Minister of Government in 1833.  At the time of López's death on 15 June 1838, Cullen was in Buenos Aires as representative of Santa Fe, trying to find a peaceful solution to the ongoing French blockade of the port (caused by a law of 1821 that obligated resident foreign citizens of the province of Buenos Aires to serve in conscription). Cullen argued that the blockade was the result of a provincial law and therefore the other provinces were not bound to help Buenos Aires. Juan Manuel de Rosas, the powerful governor of
Vasiliy Dmitriyevich Tikhomirov (1876–1956) was a dancer (from 1895) and a choreographer (from 1913) with the Bolshoi Ballet of Moscow, Russia. His most distinguished production was The Red Poppy (1927), with his wife Yekaterina Geltzer in the main role. After the divorce Yekaterina Geltzer and Vasily Tikhomirov remained onstage partners.   He and Geltzer were buried in the Novodevichy Cemetery.  See also List of Russian ballet dancers
The California Historical Society (CHS) is the official historical society of California. It was founded in 1871, by a group of prominent Californian intellectuals at Santa Clara University. It was officially designated as the Californian state historical society in 1979. Its headquarters are in San Francisco, though it hosts exhibits and collections across California.  History  The California Historical Society was founded in June 1871 by a group of prominent Californian politicians and professors at the Santa Clara University (then the College of Santa Clara), led by Californian Assemblyman John W. Dwinelle (an influential founder of the University of California). The stated mission of the society was “collecting and bringing to light and publishing, from time to time, all information not generally accessible on the
Qaraqaşlı (also, Karagashli and Karakashly) is a village and municipality
This is a list of English football transfers for the 2012 summer transfer window. Only moves featuring at least one Premier League or Championship club are listed.  The summer transfer window began once clubs had concluded their final domestic fixture of the 2011–12 season, but many transfers will only officially go through on 1 July because the majority of player contracts finish on 30 June. The window will remain open until 23:00 BST on 31 August 2012.  This list also includes transfers featuring at least one Premier League or Football League Championship club which were completed after the end of the winter 2011–12 transfer window and before the end of the 2012 summer window.  Players without a club may join at any time, and clubs below Premier League level may sign players on loan during loan windows. Clubs may be permitted to sign a goalkeeper on an emergency loan if they have no registered goalkeeper available.  Transfers  All players and clubs without a flag are English. Although Cardiff City and Swansea City are associated with the Welsh flag, they play in the Championship and the Premier League (of England) respectively, and so transfers related to them and another non-English club are included.  Transfers involving Major League Soccer clubs in the United States and Canada technically have the league as the second party and not the listed club. MLS player contracts are owned by the league and not by individual clubs.   * Signed permanently on 1 July  ** Signed permanently on 15 June.  *** Signed officially on 13 July.  References  Specific  Transfers Summer
Mandeville-Anthony v. The Walt Disney Company, 11-56441 (9th Cir. 2012), is a United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit case in which the Court evaluated whether defendants Pixar, The Walt Disney Company, Disney Enterprises, Inc. and Walt Disney Pictures infringed on Jake Mandeville-Anthony's copyrighted works. Plaintiff Mandeville-Anthony's claim for copyright infringement was first dismissed by the United States District Court for the Central District of California, because the court found that the parties’ works were not substantially similar. Mandeville-Anthony made copyright infringement claims with regards to his works Cookie & Co. and Cars/Auto-Excess/Cars Chaos, an animated television show and movie, that he believed Disney copied in order to make their own films, Cars and Cars 2, both of which were very successful, and the animated television show Cars Toons: Mater's Tall Tales. He also made breach of contract claims stating that he and Disney signed a contract barring Disney from using the ideas contained in his works. The decision was affirmed by the Court of Appeals.  History  In June 2006, Disney released Cars, based on a story about an anthropomorphic racing car whose journey transforms him from an arrogant hotshot into someone who has learned the true meaning of love, friendship, family and life. Five years after the release of the film, Jake Mandeville-Anthony filed a complaint against Walt Disney claiming that their works Cars, Cars 2, and Cars Toons: Mater's Tall Tales infringed on his copyrighted works Cookie and Cars Chaos. Cookie was a story of two eccentric businessmen who won a vintage car endurance rally from London to Sydney. Cars Chaos was a television series which contained general ideas in its script about a fast, good looking car that would race in different parts of the world. Mandeville-Anthony also claimed that, before the making of Cars, he signed a contract with Disney which barred Disney for two years from using his ideas from Cookie and Cars Chaos in their own works.  On June 6, 2011, United States District Court for the Central District of California denied The Walt Disney Company's request that its film Cars 2 not be reviewed for discovery for the purposes of commercial secrecy and threat of piracy, and ordered the defendants to immediately produce the screenplay/script and an audio-visual copy of Cars 2. It also ruled that the plaintiff showed a justified need for the film and actual harm if he did not receive a copy of it, because he would not be able to bring a preliminary injunction motion without it. Moreover, due to the dissimilarity between the plots, producing a copy of their film and screenplay/script would not result in any harm to the defendants. Disney therefore provided copies of Cookie & Co., Cars/Auto-Excess/Cars Chaos, a DVD copy of the motion picture Cars, and a DVD copy of animated shorts for CARS Toon: Mater's Tall Tales for the District Court's review.  Trial Court proceedings  Defendant's claims  The Walt Disney Company claimed that its works were independently created and not substantially similar to Jake Mandeville-Anthony's. The basis of its claim was that basic plot ideas of anthropomorphic cars involving humor and romance with a backdrop of a race were not protected.  It also claimed that the statute of limitations based on its two-year limit was expired.  Plaintiff's claims Jake Mandeville-Anthony sued The Walt Disney Company for copyright infringement and breach of contract, claiming there was an implied promise by Disney to compensate him for his novel ideas for stories concerning anthropomorphic car characters, and that the agreement was made around June 2006, during the time of which Cars was released. In his claim, Mandeville-Anthony stated that Disney had access to his copyrighted works and used them to create their own derivative works.  District Court opinion   The United States District Court, C.D. Cal. held that The Walt Disney Company showed that the protectable elements of the film such as plot, sequence of events, pace characters, theme, mood and setting were not substantially similar to Mandeville-Anthony's works as a matter of law. Rather, the Court held that the plots of the parties' works were wildly different.  With respect to the parties' main characters, the plaintiff's two-dimensional cars contained human-like appendages, eyes as headlights, eyelashes, and were black and white, while the defendant's cars were complex, three-dimensional and full color, computer-animated characters. The examples used were the plaintiff's Manny Morris character and the defendant's Mater character. The only similarity the court found between Cars and Cookie was the unprotectable concept of car racing, and between Cars and Cars Chaos was the generic idea of anthropomorphic cars, animated car characters with human characteristics.  The court also held that Disney showed sufficient evidence that the statute of limitations had expired, as Mandeville-Anthony filed his complaint five years after Cars was released.  Circuit Court opinion The United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit affirmed the district court's decision that there was no substantial similarity between the plaintiff's protected elements of copyrighted works and the defendant's works as a matter of law. It also cited Benay v. Warner Bros. Entm’t, Inc., 607 F.3d 620, 624 (9th Cir. 2010) and stated that general concepts such as
Brecht Vermeulen (born 6 June, 1969) is a Belgian business entrepreneur and former politician who was a member of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives for the Flemish nationlist New Flemish Alliance party.  He is the former chairman of the K.S.V. Roeselare football club.  Biography Vermeulen was born in Roeselare. He studied economics at the  Universitaire Faculteiten Sint-Ignatius Antwerpen (UFSIA) (now part of the University of Antwerp) and then a degree in international politics at the University of Antwerp. During this studies, he served as president of the conservative Katholiek Vlaams Hoogstudentenverbond student society and later served as secretary of the  Flemish People's Movement (VVB), of which Peter De Roover was then general chairman.  After graduating, he became a managing director for housing company DeMandel and then a project director for the Durabrik Group development firm. He then worked as a real estate broker. In 1999 he became a treasurer of the football club KSK Roeselare and helped to supervise its merger with KFC Roeselare
Supur (; Hungarian pronunciation: ) is a commune of 4,712 inhabitants situated in Satu Mare County, Crișana, Romania. Its administrative centre is Supuru de Jos,
My Wild Irish Rose is a 1947 American musical film directed by David Butler. It stars Dennis Morgan and Arlene Dahl (in her debut film). It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1948.  Plot A fictionalized biopic of Chauncey Olcott, the movie traces the rise of an Irish-American tenor to stardom at the end of the 19th century and start of the 20th.  Soundtrack Olcott's original composition of the same name was included in the film's music and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Scoring of a Musical Picture.  Cast   Dennis Morgan as Chauncey Olcott  Arlene Dahl as Rose Donovan  Andrea King as Lillian Russell  Alan Hale Sr. as John Donovan  George Tobias as Nick Popolis  Ben Blue as Hopper  George O'Brien as William "Duke" Muldoon  William Frawley as William J. Scanlan  Box office According to Warner Bros. records, the film earned $3,921,000 in the U.S. and $969,000 in other
William Paget, 5th Baron Paget (13 September 1609 –  19 October 1678) was an English peer. He was born at Beaudesert House, Staffordshire, England to William Paget, 4th Baron Paget and Lettice Knollys.  Career He was a Parliamentarian with land in Buckinghamshire. At the
Ughurlu Khan () or Oghurlu Khan was a claimant to Khanate of Ganja and a member Ziyadoghlu Qajar, a clan of the Qajar tribe.  Background  He was born in 1781 to Javad Khan of Ganja and his first wife Shukufa khanum (d. 1812). He was named after his grand-grandfather Ughurlu Khan (d. 1738), who served as beylerbey of Karabakh in 1702–1738.  Life  As he was the eldest son of Javad, he was demanded as hostage by Pavel Tsitsianov in 1803. He managed to flee Ganja together his brother Ali Qoli during Russian siege of the city in 1804 and take a refuge with Shirin beg of Samukh. Tsitsianov asked them to appear before him in Tiflis in 1804 and promised safety. However Ughurlu chose to escape via Shirvan Khanate and join Qajar crown prince Abbas Mirza instead.  Russo-Persian war of 1804-1813  He commanded a part of Qajar army during Russo-Persian war of 1804-1813. He camped on the shores of Tartar river in 1806 and sent messages to local Muslims to rise up against Russians when Abbas Mirza captured Askeran Fortress. According to archival records, he also promised safety to Christians of Ganja. Although he petitioned the Russian government with permission to return to Ganja in 1807, alongside 779 members of nobility this petition was left without answer.  He wrote another letter to Kazakh mouravi Joseph Bebutov (father of Vasili Bebutov) on 11 September 1808, informing him of recent Franco-Persian alliance and Askar Khan Afshar's appointment as ambassador, threatening with an exaggerated possible French attack against Russia. He was left behind with 12000 men near Khachbulag when Abbas Mirza's army crossed Dilijan for unsuccessful attack at Ganja in 1809. He forced some tribesmen from Ayrum tribe to resettle in Nakhchivan in 1810, when Abbas Mirza tried to invade Karabakh but was defeated at Meghri on the Aras River. Later in 1811, he was approached by Alexander Tormasov, Russia viceroy of Georgia who promised him full immunity and stipend, should he decide to submit to Russia. After fruitless talks, new viceroy in Georgia, Filippo Paulucci sent Ughurlu Khan's mother and daughter to him in 1812 instead, citing waste of economic resources.  Russo-Persian war of 1826–1828  He returned to Caucasus again in the army of Abbas Mirza in 1826. On July 16, 1826, troops under the command of Abbas Mirza attacked the camp of Russian troops near Shirak. While khan of Erivan, Hossein Qoli advanced in the direction of Ganja to occupy it, Abbas Mirza surrounded the fortress of Shusha, which by that time was in the hands of the Russians. Ganja was easily occupied as new viceroy Yermolov ordered retreat. Ughurlu who entered the city accompanying prince Mohammad, was declared as new Khan of Ganja by the decree of Abbas Mirza on 26 July.  But the capture of Shusha was delayed which made it possible for the Russian troops to gather strength and attack Qajar amy. Abbas Mirza was forced to leave the siege of Shusha and attack the Russian troops near Shamkhor, where he was defeated. Ughurlu khan was among the prisoners of war but was released later. On September 13, the troops met again on the Guru Gobu plain near the tomb of the poet Nizami. A part of the right wing of the Iranian army was commanded by Ugurlu Khan. However, battle was a disaster for Iranian side. Ughurlu khan this time left for Tabriz, taking her sister Pusta khanum with him and died very soon after Turkmenchay treaty.  Family  He married Sharaf Jahan begüm, daughter of his uncle Muhammad Khan in 1801 and had several children with her:   Badr Jahan Begüm (1802-1861) — married to Mehdigulu khan of Karabakh  Muhammad Qoli Khan  Haji Javad Khan (died in Tanahat)  Nazanin begüm — married to Musahib-agha (1799-1845), son of her uncle Hossein Qoli (1784-1804)  Böyük begüm — married to Kalb Ali khan of Maku.  Telli begüm — married to Pasha Khan, son of Fezi beg Javanshir (a son-in-law and a cousin of Ibrahim Khalil of Karabakh)  Azerbaijani poetess Khurshidbanu Natavan was Ughurlu's granddaughter. Mehdigulu Khan Vafa,
Food Fray is a 2009 non-fiction book by molecular biologist Lisa H. Weasel that details the story of genetically modified food in the United States.  ==Reception== The book was reviewed by Miami Herald, Midwest Book Review, and Choice: Current Reviews for Academic Libraries. A Publishers Weekly review called the book "superficial and flat".  A review by Publishers Weekly said that the book "skimps on the science...focusing instead
Stranger Hollow (also known as Stranger's Hollow) is a tributary of Catawissa Creek in Columbia County, Pennsylvania, in the United States. It is approximately  long and flows through Beaver Township. The watershed of the
Carla Regina Freitas Cabral (born 21 October 1976) is a Brazilian actress.  Career   Carla was discovered by Walter Avancini and appeared in four novels by the director in the Rede Manchete, usually in the main cast, being a romantic heroine in Xica da Silva and protagonist in Mandacaru.  Participated in some work at Rede Globo, such as O Clone, A Casa das Sete Mulheres, among others. She was the protagonist of the soap opera Seus Olhos, at the SBT in 2004. In soap operas at Rede Record, she participated in Essas Mulheres, playing the beautiful courtesan Lúcia,
Brunehaut (; ; ) is a municipality of Wallonia located in the province of Hainaut, Belgium.   The municipality consists of the following districts: Bléharies (town centre), Guignies, Hollain, Howardries, Jollain-Merlin, Laplaigne, Lesdain, Rongy, and Wez-Velvain.  Twin towns Brunehaut is twinned with Amfreville, Calvados in France.
Abgahi (, also Romanized as Ābgāhī and Ābkāhī) is a
Rangea is a frond-like Ediacaran fossil with six-fold radial symmetry. It is the type genus of the rangeomorphs.  Rangea was the first complex Precambrian macrofossil named and described anywhere in the world. Rangea was a centimetre- to decimetre-scale frond characterised by a repetitive pattern of self-similar branches and a sessile benthic lifestyle. Fossils are typically preserved as moulds and casts exposing only a leafy petalodium, and the rarity and incompleteness of specimens has made it difficult to reconstruct the three-dimensional (3D) morphology of the entire organism.  Fossilized Rangea consists of several vanes. Each vane has a foliate shape with a series of recessed furrows that run outwards at varying angles from a prominent smooth median zone to define a series of chevron-like units called quilts.  The quilts are arranged in two rows, that is, as long petaliform primary quilts and short lanceolate subsidiary quilts. The subsidiary quilts pinch out a short distance from the median zone as the primary quilts expand whereas the primary quilts extend to the edge of the frond where they taper bluntly. In no specimen can an exact total of primary quilts be counted, on account of either missing areas or incomplete preservation. The apices of the quilts are sharply delimited by wedge-shaped fields of either smooth or wrinkled relief that give this part of the body a scalloped appearance.  A total of six species have been described, but only the type species Rangea schneiderhoehoni is considered valid:  R. brevior Gürich 1933 = R. schneiderhoehoni.  R. arborea Glaessner et Wade, 1966 = Charniodiscus arboreus.  R. grandis Glaessner et Wade, 1966 = Glassnerina grandis = Charnia massoni.  R. longa Glaessner et Wade, 1966 = Charniodiscus longus.  R. sibirica Sokolov, 1972 = Charnia sibirica = Charnia massoni.  Rangea schneiderhoehni fossils have been found in the Kanies and Kliphoek Members of the Dabis Formation and in the Niederhagen Member of the Nudaus Formation, Namibia. These deposits date from around 548 Mya. Rangea fossils have also been reported from the Ediacaran deposits of the Arkhangelsk region, Russia and in Australia. These fossils date from around 558-555 Mya. Rangea seems to have led a sessile existence.  New specimens provide evidence that Rangea was not a simple flexuous frond but a squat obconical fossil with radiating vanes which conjoin in a rather precise manner, so that the ridges corresponding to the axial traces on the branches on the reverse side of one frond exactly fit the depressions between the branches on the reverse side of the next, and the distal ends of the individual fronds meet virtually at a point. If the whole Rangea specimen is curved or deformed, then the same kind of curvature influences all its individual vanes. In one specimen, narrow wedges of sediment about 1–2 mm thick and some 5–6 mm deep penetrate the sutures between adjacent, conjoined fronds. This suggests that though it is
is a city located in Ibaraki Prefecture, Japan. , the city had an estimated population of 174,219 in 78,209 households and a population density of 770 persons per km2. The percentage of the population aged over 65 was 32.7%. The total area of the city is .  Hitachi is well known in the world for its brand name of electric products, including power plants and appliances, of the Hitachi company founded in the town in 1910 by Namihei Odaira with considerable properties as its factories in the city.  Geography Located in northern Ibaraki Prefecture, Hitachi has a long coast along the Pacific Ocean to the east. Japan National Route 6 runs in parallel with the coast, connecting Tokyo and Sendai, and develops residential and commercial areas in the relatively narrow land of the coastal plain. Geologically the city covers Cambrian basement, some 500 million years old, with marble being quarried in the west for manufacturing cement material.  Surrounding municipalities Ibaraki Prefecture  Takahagi  Hitachiōta  Naka  Tōkai  Climate Hitachi has a Humid continental climate (Köppen Cfa) characterized by warm summers and cold winters with heavy snowfall.  The average annual temperature in Hitachi is . The average annual rainfall is  with October as the wettest month. The temperatures are highest on average in August, at around , and lowest in January, at around .  Demographics Per Japanese census data, the population of Hitachi peaked around 1980 and has steadily declined since.  History Human settlement in the Hitachi area dates to at least the Japanese Paleolithic period. In the early Nara period, the area was defined as part of Taga Province, which was then merged into Hitachi Province under the Ritsuryō system. By the Sengoku period, the area was under the control of the Satake clan. Following the creation of the Tokugawa shogunate, Tokugawa Ieyasu ordered the Satake to Dewa Province, and the area became part of the domain's awarded to Ieyasu's son Tokugawa Yorifusa. The area remained part of Mito Domain until the Meiji restoration.  The village of Hitachi was formed on April 1, 1889 with the establishment of the modern municipalities system. The area rapidly developed towards the end of the Meiji period under the direction of Fusanosuke Kuhara of the Kuhara zaibatsu with the opening of copper mines, and under Namihei Odaira, the founder of Hitachi. The village of Hitachi was raised to town status on August 26, 1924. Hitachi and the neighboring town of Sukegawa merged on September 1, 1939,
Northern Air Services Charters Limited is an airline operating both regularly scheduled flights and charter services from Nausori International Airport and other airports in Fiji. It took over some local routes no longer serviced by Pacific Sun, specifically to the Northern Division.  Northern Air introduced daily flights to Nadi from 1 April 2017 and were looking at buying ATR-42 series 300 aircraft.  Destinations The airline serves the following domestic destinations in Fiji: The airline also operates flights on behalf of the Fijian Navy  Fleet  Northern Air operates the following aircraft, as of November 2017:  References
Events from the year 1884 in Scotland.  Incumbents  Law officers   Lord Advocate – John Blair Balfour  Solicitor General for Scotland – Alexander Asher  Judiciary   Lord President of the Court of Session and Lord Justice General – Lord Glencorse  Lord Justice Clerk – Lord Moncreiff  Events   26 January – Scotland beat Ireland 5-0 in the first match of the first British Home Championship in Association football.  15 March – Scotland beat England 1-0 in their second match of the British Home Championship.  29 March – Scotland beat Wales 4-1 to win the first British Home Championship.  28 April – Napier Commission delivers the Report of Her Majesty's Commissioners of Inquiry Into the Condition of the Crofters and Cottars in the Highlands and Islands of Scotland.  12 June – Pier terminal opened at Rothesay, Bute.  1 July – First International Forestry Exhibition opens at Donaldson's Hospital, Edinburgh, during which an electric railway is demonstrated.  17 July – Barque Vicksburg of Leith goes aground on Muckle Skerry in the Pentland Skerries with the loss of nine lives; twelve are saved by the island's lighthouse keepers.  Autumn – Origin of St Johnstone F.C. in Perth.  2 November –
Major Ronald Owen Lloyd Armstrong-Jones,  (né Jones; 18 May 1899 – 27 January 1966) was a British barrister and soldier. He was the father of Antony Armstrong-Jones, 1st Earl of Snowdon, and father-in-law of Princess Margaret, younger daughter of George VI.  Early life and education Born Ronald Owen Lloyd Armstrong Jones in Ilford, Essex, he was the only son of Sir Robert Jones, an eminent psychiatrist, and Margaret Roberts, daughter of Sir Owen Roberts. In 1912, his father legally changed the family surname to Armstrong-Jones by deed poll to distinguish himself from another Robert Jones. He was educated at Sandroyd School and Eton. He had two sisters, Elaine Margaret Wauchope (1895–1965) and Gwendolen Jane Buckley (1905–1985), who married Sir Denys Buckley.  Career During the First World War, Armstrong-Jones was commissioned as a Second Lieutenant into the Royal Regiment of Artillery from 1917 to 1919. After the war, he continued his education at Magdalen College, Oxford. While at Oxford he distinguished himself as a rower, helping the Magdalen crew to win the Grand Challenge Cup at Henley in 1921. He graduated in 1922, then became a barrister at the Inner Temple. In 1936, Armstrong-Jones served as High Sheriff
Mordellistena notabilis is a species of
Albinas "Albin" Elskus (1926–2007) was a Lithuanian-American educator and artist, known for creating works of stained glass.  Early life  Elskus was born in Kaunas, Lithuania in 1926. During the Occupation of the Baltic states, Elskus fled to Germany to avoid being conscripted into the Soviet Army. Elskus began studying architecture in Darmstadt and painting at the Arts et Métiers ParisTech.  Career  Elskus immigrated to Chicago, Illinois in 1949 and worked as an apprentice
The Turtle River is a river of Minnesota.  It is a tributary of the Mississippi River and was formally thought to be the headwaters of the Mississippi River.  It is  and located in Beltrami County.  See also List of rivers of Minnesota List of longest streams of Minnesota  References  External links Minnesota Watersheds USGS
Jesper Odelberg (born 23 July 1970) is a Swedish comedian with cerebral palsy.  His appearance on Norwegian television in 2006 with his band, Boys on Wheels, brought him wider fame, when it appeared on various Internet video sharing sites.  His big breakthrough was 1997 in the TV show “Släng dig i brunnen”. He is known for being very self-exposing and often jokes about Cerebral Palsy, CP, since he suffers from it himself.  He is brother to the songwriter and artist Joakim Odelberg and he has a sister named Pia Emanuelsson.  Jesper's first stand-up performance was in Ljungskile October 1992 and started working professionally as a comedian 1995.  He worked at Backa Teater in Gothenburg during 1994-1998 as a production assistant.  Jesper has toured throughout Sweden, Norway, and Finland since 1995. He has also toured as a folk singer together with the pianist Thomas Darelid.  In 1998, Jesper did 70 shows performing the “Den onde, den gode och den fule” with Thomas Oredsson, Jan Bylund, and Håkan Jäder under the direction of the Swedish National Theater.  References  External links    Official site    1970 births Living people Swedish male comedians Swedish
Samuel J. Meisels is an American academic whose scholarship focuses on early childhood assessment, child development and educational practices that support the developmental needs of young children.  Meisels is the founding executive director of the Buffett Early Childhood Institute at the University of Nebraska, president emeritus of Erikson Institute, and a professor and research scientist emeritus at the University of Michigan. Meisels retired from the Buffett Institute on Feb. 28, 2023, concluding a career that spanned more than a half-century and established him as a leading voice in the field of early childhood education and development.   Recognition of Meisels’s contributions to the field are extensive. In 2010 Meisels received an honorary degree of Doctor of Humane Letters from Roosevelt University and in 2019 the Simms/Mann Institute awarded Meisels its Visionary Leadership Award in Development and Education. Other notable awards include the Richmond-Coleman Award in Developmental Pediatrics, American Academy of Pediatrics (2005); member, National Academy of Sciences Committee on Early Childhood Pedagogy (2000); Feguson Award for Leadership in Early Childhood Education, National-Louis University (2000); and Mary E. Switzer Distinguished Fellow in Handicapped Research, US Department of Education (1985).  Education  Meisels received his bachelor's degree with high honors in philosophy from the University of Rochester in 1967  and then enrolled in a master's and doctoral program at Harvard University in education and philosophy. While at Harvard, Meisels began studying the work of Jean Piaget, whose ideas about children and epistemology motivated him to become a teacher of preschool, kindergarten, and first grade. Meisels completed his doctoral studies at the Harvard Graduate School of Education in 1973.  Professional Positions In 1972 Meisels accepted a position as a faculty member at Tufts University and, from 1973-1978, was director of the Eliot-Pearson Children's School, the laboratory school of the Department of Child Study. From 1979-1980 he served as Senior Advisor in Early Childhood Development in the Developmental Evaluation Clinic of Children's Hospital Medical Center at Boston before joining the faculty of the University of Michigan in the fall of 1980.  During his 21 years at Michigan, Meisels held several positions including that of research scientist and acting director at the Center for Human Growth and Development, and professor, interim dean, and associate dean of research in the School of Education. In 2002 Meisels became the president of Erikson Institute. In June 2013 Meisels was appointed the founding executive director of the Buffett Early Childhood Institute, where he is also a professor of child, youth, and family studies at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln. He held courtesy appointments on the other university campuses as a professor of public health, public administration, and education.  Contributions to Research and Assessment  Meisels’s earliest work demonstrated his interest in theory-based instructional approaches in early childhood classrooms. Over his career he published more than 200 books, articles, assessments, and monographs.  His publications are widely referenced. Google Scholar notes more than 11,000 citations of his research. Meisels’s work is focused on developmental screening. inclusion of young children with special needs in regular educational programs, developmental consequences of high-risk birth, school readiness, and performance assessment of young children. In addition to developing and researching early childhood assessments, Meisels prepared activity books for parents and co-edited two handbooks for the field. He has served on numerous editorial boards as a reviewer and editor.  Meisels has long been committed to fairness, accuracy, utility, and developmental principles in assessment of children. He has written extensively about the use of alternative assessment strategies that are authentic, performance-based, and developmentally appropriate for young children and those in the early elementary grades and he co-authored three widely-used early childhood assessments.  His research and development altered the experience of countless children and teachers; influenced local, state, and national policymakers’ decisions; and contributed to changes in legislation, including Congressional suspension of a nationwide test for all 4-5 year-olds in Head Start (the National Reporting System).   Meisels’s policy analysis of Massachusetts’s early intervention services shaped its system of care in its early days. His work with disabled children advanced the national discussion on inclusion. His screening and assessment tools encouraged the use of child-centered, non-discriminatory assessment. His 200+ publications  are models of applied research. And his leadership of Erikson and the Buffett Institute dramatically expanded the reach of his ideas and his passion for helping all children achieve their potential.  The Early Screening Inventory  In 1975 Meisels and his colleagues began work on a brief developmental screening instrument designed to identify children, aged 3–6, who were at risk for learning and behavior problems. Known as the Early Screening Inventory (ESI-3), this well-researched, nationally validated screening instrument identifies children who can benefit from early intervention services. It is one of the most reliable and carefully developed early childhood screening instruments available and is currently in its third edition.  The Work Sampling System  The Work Sampling System (WSS) is an observational assessment for children from preschool (age 3) - Grade 3. Constructivist in orientation, WSS gives teachers a unique perspective on children's learning and development that differs sharply from conventional outcomes available from standardized achievement tests. The three times per year developmental observations recorded with WSS enable teachers to document what children are learning in relation to standards of progress they are showing and children's specific strengths and areas in need of development.  The Work Sampling System has been used throughout the United States and internationally for more than three decades. Currently in its fifth edition, WSS has undergone extensive validation, and was the subject of a number of peer-reviewed empirical studies that document its validity.  The Ounce Scale  Meisels and colleagues also published the Ounce Scale: An Observational Assessment for Infants, Toddlers, and Families, an authentic performance assessment that is used with children from infancy through age three. Notable is the Ounce Scale's focus on the social and emotional
Muhammad Reza Arya Pratama (born 18 May 2000) is an Indonesian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Liga 1 club PSM Makassar.  Club career  PSM Makassar Reza was part of the PSM Makassar youth team from 2017 to 2019, earning a spot on the senior team ahead of the 2019 Liga 1 season.  Reza made his league debut on
List of busiest airports may refer to:  Busiest airports by continent  List of busiest
Psydrus piceus is a species of
Chlidichthys foudioides, the Fody dottyback, is a species of fish in the family Pseudochromidae.  Description Chlidichthys foudioides is a small-sized fish which
Tori Kelly is an American singer-songwriter who slowly gained recognition after starting
Abdel-Halim Mahmoud ()  (12 May 1910 – 17 October 1978; 2 Jumaada al-awal 1328 A.H. - 14 The al-Qi`dah 1398 A.H.) served as Grand Imam of al-Azhar from 1973 until his death in 1978. Called “avuncular and beloved” by some, he was known for his modernizing approach to teaching at Al-Azhar University, preaching moderation and embracing modern science as a religious duty.  Early life Abdel-Halim Mahmoud was born on 12 May 1910 in the village of Abou Ahmed (now Al Salam), in the Sharqia Governorate, 50 kilometers north east of Cairo, Egypt. He memorized the Qur'an at an early age and then started his studies at Al-Azhar University where he graduated in 1932. He then continued his studies in France, where he obtained a Doctorate degree in philosophy from the Universite de Paris - La Sorbonne in 1940.  Views and activities According to scholars Moshe Albo and Yoram Meital, themes that reoccurred in Mahmoud's writing were: the importance of knowledge and education; the superiority of Islamic morals and ethics; the uniqueness of Muslim history; the integration of Islamic spirituality and jurisprudence; the ultimate negation of the Other (e.g., the Western, Zionist, communist, secular, and heretic); the ascendance of Islamic theology and law; and the need to reform Egyptian politics and society in accordance with the pillars of Islam.  He signed an agreement with King Faisal, ruler of Saudi Arabia, to combat Communism in 1971 during the presidency of Anwar Sadat. The agreement had a budget of 40 million pounds.  Islamic law Mahmoud was a consistent supporter of the replacement of Egypt's civil law code with Sharia. He argued that the Hudud  (those sharia punishments which are mandated and fixed) punishment of amputation of a thief's hand was ordained by God and when implemented by Ibn Saud had brought law and order to Saudi Arabia—even though it only had to be carried out seven times.  On the other hand, Mahmoud issued a shariah fatwa supporting a minimum marrying age of sixteen for girls, despite the fact he acknowledged  Shariah tradition did not specify any exact age. He argued "developed societies have set the age of marriage at sixteen, and this is appropriate".  Science For Mahmoud, "any reform -- whether on the personal level or on the level of society -- begins with science, be that science religious or material..... Whether we begin the path of reform from the vantage point of theoretical science or from that of material or empirical science, our endeavours must be imbued with a purpose. This purpose is an Islamic obligation, as science must be the basis for the path towards God. Indeed, knowledge is a form of worship and a form of jihad."  During his tenure as Grand
The 2016–17 Texas State Bobcats women's basketball team represented Texas State University in the 2016–17 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Bobcats, led by fifth year head coach Zenarae Antoine, played their home games at Strahan Coliseum and were members of the Sun Belt Conference. They finished the season 16–15, 11–7 in Sun Belt play to finish in a tie for fourth place. They lost in the quarterfinals of the Sun Belt women's tournament to Louisiana–Lafayette. They were invited to the WBI where they lost to Eastern Washington in the first round.  Roster  Schedule  |- !colspan=9 style="background:#8C1919; color:#FFCC33;"| Non-conference regular season  |- !colspan=9 style="background:#8C1919; color:#FFCC33;"| Sun Belt regular season  |- !colspan=9 style="background:#8C1919; color:#FFCC33;"| Sun Belt Women's Tournament  |- !colspan=9 style="background:#8C1919; color:#FFCC33;"| WBI  See also  2016–17 Texas State Bobcats men's basketball team  References
Mikko Ruutu (born September 10, 1978 in Vantaa, Finland) is a retired Finnish ice hockey forward.  Ruutu played for HIFK and Jokerit in the Finnish SM-liiga, earning a silver medal with HIFK and the SM-liiga championship with Jokerit in 2002. He was drafted by the Ottawa Senators as their 7th round pick in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft, but his only season in North America was for Clarkson University in the NCAA league. He has since retired from professional hockey because of his broken knee.  He is currently working as the Director of European Scouting for the Ottawa Senators.  Mikko Ruutu has two brothers, Jarkko, a former NHL player who retired in 2014, and Tuomo, who plays in the NLA for HC Davos.  Career statistics  See also Notable families in the NHL  External links  1978 births Living people Finnish ice hockey right wingers HIFK (ice hockey) players Jokerit players Kiekko-Vantaa players Ottawa Senators draft picks Ottawa Senators scouts Ice hockey people from Vantaa Clarkson Golden Knights men's
Reto Indergand (born 15 December 1991 in Altdorf) is a Swiss cyclist riding for the BMC Mountainbike Racing Team. He was on the start list for the 2018 Cross-country European Championship and he finished 5th.
"Un mar de confianza" (A sea of confidence) is the eighth studio album of the Spanish singer-songwriter Luz Casal, released in the last quarter of 1999, after a four years long hiatus due to the death of her father. This is also her fourth and last album with Hispavox before departing from that label two years later. In this album, Casal turned into a melodic singer. She recorded this album in eight different studios in Madrid, London, Mexico City and Buenos Aires. The performer's executive production team included Nick Patrick, along with the collaboration of other musicians such as the French drummer Manu Katché and the British Nick Igman.  Style  After suffering from personal problems due to the death of her father, "Un mar de confianza" shows feelings of loneliness, self compassion and sadness. The album reflects, both in the cover, the black and white promotional photos and in the songs, a general atmosphere of desolation and coldness. It has been reported that she recorded a more mature album with a more elaborated production and arrangements and a wider range of musical influences.
The Battle of Turkey Springs (13–14 September 1878) was the last battle between Native Americans (Indians) and the United States Army in the state of Oklahoma. In the Northern Cheyenne Exodus, 353 Cheyenne Indians, fleeing their reservation in Oklahoma in an attempt to return to their homeland in the northern Great Plains, fought a unit of the United States Army, killing three soldiers. After the battle the Cheyenne continued northward skirmishing with the army along the way. Some were successful in reaching their relatives in Montana. Others were captured or killed near Camp Robinson, Nebraska.  Background In the 1830s the Cheyenne tribe split into two groups: the Northern Cheyenne and the Southern Cheyenne.  The Dull Knife and Little Wolf bands of the Northern Cheyenne were defeated by the U.S. Cavalry in the Dull Knife Fight in November 1876. Chiefs Dull Knife (also known as Morning Star) and Little Wolf and their followers subsequently surrendered to the U.S. at Camp Robinson, Nebraska. From May to August 1877, the Northern Cheyenne were escorted by soldiers  south to the Southern Cheyenne reservation in Oklahoma. Nine-hundred and thirty seven Cheyenne arrived at the reservation, headquartered about  west of present-day Oklahoma City near Fort Reno. Conditions were difficult with shortages of food and outbreaks of measles and malaria. Dull Knife and Little Wolf pleaded to be allowed to return to the northern plains but were turned down. In September 1878, the two
In mathematics, the multiplicity of a member of a multiset is the number of times it appears in the multiset.  For example, the number of times a given polynomial has a root at a given point is the multiplicity of that root.  The notion of multiplicity is important to be able to count correctly without specifying exceptions (for example, double roots counted twice).  Hence the expression, "counted with multiplicity".  If multiplicity is ignored, this may be emphasized by counting the number of distinct elements, as in "the number of distinct roots". However, whenever a set (as opposed to multiset) is formed, multiplicity is automatically ignored, without requiring use of the term "distinct".  Multiplicity of a prime factor  In prime factorization, the multiplicity of a prime factor is its -adic valuation. For example, the prime factorization of the integer  is     the multiplicity of the prime factor  is , while the multiplicity of each of the prime factors  and  is .  Thus,  has four prime factors allowing for multiplicities, but only three distinct prime factors.  Multiplicity of a root of a polynomial  Let  be a field and  be a polynomial in one variable with coefficients in . An element  is a root of multiplicity  of  if there is a polynomial  such that  and .  If , then a is called a simple root. If , then  is called a multiple root.  For instance, the polynomial  has 1 and −4 as roots, and can be written as . This means that 1 is a root of multiplicity 2, and −4 is a simple root (of multiplicity 1).  The multiplicity of a root is the number of occurrences of this root in the complete factorization of the polynomial, by means of the fundamental theorem of algebra.  If  is a root of multiplicity  of a polynomial, then it is a root of multiplicity  of the derivative of that polynomial, unless the characteristic of the
Abū Bakr, ‘Abd al-Qāhir ibn ‘Abd ar-Raḥmān ibn Muḥammad al-Jurjānī  (10091078 or 1081 AD [400 – 471 or 474 A.H.]); nicknamed "Al-Naḥawī" (the grammarian), he was a renowned Persian grammarian of the Arabic language, literary theorist of the Muslim Shafi'i, and a follower of al-Ash'ari. He wrote several celebrated works on grammar and rhetoric, among these are Mi,ut Ạmil and Al-Jumal - introductions to Arabic syntax - and a commentary titled Al-Mughnī in three volumes.  Al-Jurjānī is said to have never left his native town of Gorgan, Iran, yet his reputation in the twin sciences of ilm al balaghah (eloquence and rhetorical art) and ilm al bayan (a branch of Arabic rhetoric dealing with metaphorical language), reached many Arabic scholars who travelled to see him.  His two books on these subjects, Asrār al-Balāghah (Secrets of Rhetoric), and Dalāʾīl al-ʿIjāz fi-l-Qurʾān (Arguments of the Miraculous Inimitability of the Quran) show influences of al-Jurjānī's predecessors, the grammarian Sibawayh, the critic Abi Helal al-'Askari al Balaghi, and the linguist and literary theorist Abu Ali al-Farisi, the author of al-Idah (Elucidation). Ali al-Farisi's nephew, Abi al-Hussein Muhammad ibn al-Hassan ibn Abd al-Wareth al-Faressi al-Nawawi, was al-Jurjānī's teacher, under whom he studied the al-Idah, and on which he wrote a thirty-volume work of commentary entitled al Maghna fi Sharh al-Idah .  Critical opinions  Publications     Asrār al-Balāghah (The Secrets of Elucidation)  Al-Awāmil al-Mi’ah (The Hundred Elements) - A short text on 100 modifiers, or particles, in Arabic and their different uses with examples.  Dalā’il al-Iʿjaz (Intimations of Inimitability)  Iʿjaz al-Qur’ān (The inimitability of the Qur'an)  Al-Jumal (Sentences)  Kitab ʿArūd (Poetic Structure)  Al-Maghna fī Sharḥ al-Idah’, thirty volumes  Al-Miftāḥ (The Key)  Muʿjam al-taʿrifāt (Compendium of Definitions)  Al-Muqtasad, a short version of Al Maghna.  Sharḥ al-Fātiḥa fī Mujallad (Explaining Al-Fatiha in a Volume)  Al-Talkhiss bi Sharḥihi (The Brief of Sentence Elucidation)  Al-'Umhad fī al-Taṣrīf (The
John Pulido (born October 3, 1981) is a Colombian  former
The 2023–24 season, is MC Oran's 58th season and the club's 15th consecutive season in the top flight of Algerian football. In addition to the domestic league, MC Oran are participating in the Algerian Cup.  Review On 17 August 2023, Hyproc Shipping Company became the new owner of MC Oran buying (90.34%) of shares. The meeting was held at the headquarter of Oran Province and the documents were signed by the acting director of Hyproc
Ronald Brian Underwood (born November 6, 1953) is an American film and television director, known for directing such films as Tremors (1990), City Slickers (1991), Heart and Souls (1993), and Mighty Joe Young (1998).  Early life Underwood was born November 6, 1953, in Glendale, California. In school he lived in Ceylon, now Sri Lanka, as an AFS Intercultural Programs exchange student. After graduating from high school, he briefly attended Occidental College as a pre-med student, but transferred to the USC School of Cinema (now USC School of Cinematic Arts) after deciding to become a filmmaker.  Underwood majored in cinema with a minor in anthropology.  Film career  Early career (1976–1989) Upon completion of his fellowship at the American Film Institute, Underwood began working as a staff director for Barr films, a company specializing in the production of educational films.  Underwood directed over one hundred short films, including an adaptation of the Kurt Vonnegut short story, "Deer in the Works", starring Dennis Dugan.  While directing and producing short films for the educational market, Underwood pursued work in the motion picture industry.  One of the first movies Underwood worked on was Futureworld (1976) as a production assistant. The film starred Blythe Danner and Peter Fonda, actors he would later direct in 2004.  During the filming of Futureworld, one of his tasks was to babysit a young Gwyneth Paltrow while her mother, Ms. Danner, was shooting.  Soon after Underwood served
The Swan Island Site is an archaeological site in Crawford County, Illinois, located north of the point where the Wabash River crosses the Lawrence County line. The shell midden site, located
The 1966 Preakness Stakes was the 91st running of the $200,000 Preakness Stakes thoroughbred horse race. The race took place on May 21, 1966, and was televised in the United States on the CBS television network. Kauai King, who was jockeyed by Don Brumfield, won the race by one and three quarter lengths over runner-up Stupendous. Approximate post time was 5:48 p.m. Eastern Time. The race was run on a fast track in a final time of 1:55-2/5.  The Maryland Jockey Club reported total attendance of 36,114, this is
Maciej Parowski (27 December 1946, in Warsaw – 2 June 2019, in Warsaw) was a Polish journalist, essayist, science fiction writer, editor and translator.  He has been called "a legend of the Polish science fiction and fantasy scene".  Life and career  He was born on 27 December 1946 in Warsaw. He worked as a critic of science-fiction, chief editor of Nowa Fantastyka from 1992–2003, and editor of several science-fiction series and anthologies. Chief editor of Czas Fantastyki. Author of several science-fiction stories and a book, from the social science-fiction genre, most of his fiction works are from 1970s and 1980s. In the late 1990s he was involved in a major discussion in Polish science-fiction literature, revolving around the Janusz A. Zajdel Award and the distinction between "serious" and "pop" sci-fi. Editor and supporter of several Polish comics.  He has been credited with popularizing Star Wars franchise in Poland.  In 2006 he received an award for support of Polish comics, the Humoris Causa. In 2007, he received silver medal for cultural achievements Gloria Artis from Polish Minister of Culture, and in 2010 – Mackiewicz Prize (second place) for novel "Burza".  Works  Books  Bez dubbingu (collection of essays, Młodzieżowa Agencja Wydawnicza 1978)  Twarzą ku ziemi (novel, Czytelnik 1982)  Sposób na kobiety (anthology of short stories, KAW 1985)  Czas fantastyki (essays, interviews, reviews; Glob 1990)  Burza. Ucieczka z Warszawy '40 (novel; Narodowe Centrum Kultury 2009)  Małpy Pana Boga. Słowa (essays, interviews, reviews; Narodowe Centrum Kultury 2011)  Comics  Funky Koval (1987–1992, 2010), with Bogusław Polch  Wiedźmin (The Witcher, 1993–1995), with Andrzej Sapkowski and Bogusław Polch  See also Science fiction and
Bricktop (Ada Beatrice Queen Victoria Louise Virginia Smith, 1894–1984), was an American performer and
Mickey in School is a 1928 silent short film in Larry Darmour's Mickey McGuire series starring a young Mickey Rooney. Directed by Albert Herman, the two-reel short was released to theaters on February 6, 1928, by FBO.  Synopsis It's time for Mickey and the kids to go back to school. During a game of tug-of-war against Stinkie Davis and his pals, the kids accidentally start a fire in the school.  Notes An edited version was released to television in the 1960s as a part of the Mischief Makers series, under the title "Back to School". Mickey McGuire's full name is revealed to be "Michael Patrick Aloyisius McGuire".  Cast Mickey Rooney - Mickey McGuire Jimmy Robinson - Hambone Johnson Delia Bogard - Tomboy Taylor Unknown - Katrink Unknown - Stinkie Davis Kendall
Marsilio Zorzi () was a Venetian nobleman and statesman, one of the first notable members of the Zorzi family. In 1242–1244 he served as bailo of Venice in the Kingdom of Jerusalem, where he became involved in the War of the Lombards. During his tenure there, he gathered historical material for his report, which  is a crucial historical source on the Crusader states of the Levant. After serving as count of Ragusa in 1252–1254, in 1254 he became the hereditary count of Curzola (Korčula) in Dalmatia, which remained under first Zorzi rule until 1358. Marsilio also served Venice in several civic magistracies, as governor of the Republic of Ragusa, and as a diplomat. He was married but had no offspring.  Life The early life of Marsilio Zorzi is obscure. He was born, likely in Venice, at the turn of the 13th century. His father, Cardinale, belonged to the San Trovaso branch of the Zorzi family, while the origin of his mother, Maria, is unknown. Marsilio had at least one brother, Marino, and likely sisters, one of whom was the mother of Giacomo Dondulo. At the time of Marsilio's youth, the Zorzi had just begun their ascendance to the higher social and political ranks of the Republic of Venice: his father is known to have been a public treasurer () in 1212, and ambassador to Padua in 1216, where he signed the treaty that ended the War of the Castle of Love.  Marsilio's public career is attested from 1234 on. In that year, he was sent as envoy to the autonomous Greek ruler of Rhodes, Leo Gabalas, who had only recently submitted to the Nicaean Empire of John III Vatatzes. Marsilio concluded a treaty with Gabalas, who recognized the suzerainty of the Doge of Venice, pledged his support in the troubled Venetian colony of Crete, and forming a joint front against the Vatatzes. The treaty was of short duration, however, as in the next year Gabalas returned to Nicaean allegiance. After his return from Rhodes, Marsilio was sent as ambassador to Ravenna, to receive a public oath by the commune and its governor to uphold the recent agreement with Venice.  Bailo of Acre  Marsilio then disappears from the record until the early 1240s, when he is mentioned as bailo of Venice in Acre; he likely arrived in the city with the spring convoy of 1242. At the time, the Kingdom of Jerusalem was torn apart by infighting between pro-Papal and pro-Imperial forces. The Imperial forces occupied the Lordship of Tyre, and in reprisal for Venetian support to the Papal camp, Richard Filangieri, the viceroy for Emperor Frederick II Hohenstaufen, had allowed the confiscation of all Venetian property in Tyre. Not only that, but the pro-Imperials were moving against Acre as well.   As a result, Marsilio backed the pro-Papal barons, who succeeded in capturing Tyre in June 1242. According to Marsilio's account, the Venetian inhabitants of Tyre contributed to its fall, likely by providing information about its defences. Marsilio secured a restitution of Venetian possessions and privileges from Balian of Ibelin, as well as the Venetian share of taxation from the royal portion of the city. Despite opposition from royal officials, Marsilio was also able to claim de facto jurisdiction over Venetian citizens accused of crimes. Marsilio returned to Venice in 1244.  Count of Curzola The sources are again silent on Marsilio's life between 1244 and May 1252, when he was appointed governor of the Republic of Ragusa (modern Dubrovnik), which had just submitted to Venice, with the title of count. His tenure, which lasted until July 1254, was successful: he concluded an alliance with the Bulgarian tsar Michael II Asen against the Serb king, Stefan Uroš I, and his rule was seen as just and prudent.    As a result of this success, in April 1254 the inhabitants of the nearby Dalmatian island of Curzola (Korčula) asked him to become their hereditary governor (, 'perpetual count'). Marsilio accepted, but his rule was not to the Curzolans' liking: after two years in office he was expelled. Marsilio armed a galley and returned to the island, taking power again on 30 July 1256. It was on this occasion, according to family tradition, that Marsilio changed his coat of arms
Oncidium reflexum is a species of orchid endemic to southwestern Mexico.  Synonyms  Oncidium funereum Lindl. Oncidium pelicanum Lindl. Oncidium
Udaipur is a town in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh near Ganj Basoda. It is the site of a well-preserved Śiva temple, a monument of national importance protected by the Archaeological Survey of India.  History Udaipur's history reaches back to at least the ninth century, but it became famous and appears to have assumed its present name under the Paramāra king Udayāditya (c. 1060-87). It continued to be important in the 14th, 15th and 16th centuries, and was an important town on the north-south trade route.  Geography Udaipur is located at 23°54'2"N 78°3'29"E.  Transport  Udaipur is connected by bus service from Ganj Basoda railway station  93 km from Bhopal Junction towards Jhansi (203 km) and 604 km from New Delhi Jn.  Monuments  The monuments of Udaipur were first studied by M.
The Cork Junior A Hurling Championship (known for sponsorship reasons as the Co-Op Superstores Cork Junior A Hurling Championship and abbreviated to the Cork JAHC) is an annual hurling competition organised by the Cork County Board of the Gaelic Athletic Association and contested by the top-ranking junior clubs in the county of Cork in Ireland. It is the sixth tier overall in the entire Cork hurling championship system and is regarded as one of the toughest club competitions to win.  The Cork Junior Championship was introduced in 1895 as a countywide competition for teams deemed not eligible for the senior grade or second-string senior teams. At the time of its creation it was the second tier of Cork hurling.  In its current format, the Cork Junior A Championship begins in September following the completion of the seven Divisional Junior Championships. The 7 participating teams compete in a single-elimination tournament
Kenneth Levenberg (August 6, 1919 – September 1973) was an American statistician and original author of the widely used nonlinear least squares fitting algorithm later improved by Donald Marquardt, known as the Levenberg–Marquardt algorithm.  Levenberg first published the algorithm in 1944 while working at the Frankford Arsenal. He later worked for Boeing where he developed mathematical
Matthew Hughes (born 9 February 1950) is an Australian politician. He has been a Labor member of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly since the 2017 state election, representing Kalamunda.  Hughes was born in Audenshaw in the United Kingdom, and moved to Australia in 1979. He was a teacher and the principal of John Septimus Roe Anglican Community School, and also served on Swan City Council.  Controversy and bullying claims In April 2020, Hughes was
Przeklęte oko proroka is a Polish historical film. It was released in 1984.  Cast   Lubomir Cvetkov as Hanusz Bystry  Franciszek Trzeciak as Kajdasz  Djoko Rosić as Kara Mordach  Zbigniew Borek as kozak Semen Bedryszko  Andrzej Kozak as father Benignus  Aleksandar Gochev as Dragan/Janissary, Dragan's brother  Nikolay Chadzhiminentev as Mongol  Bogdan Baer as sergeant  Andrzej Balcerzak as Heliasz  Adam Probosz as Urbanek, Heliasz's son  Henryk Bista   Edward Linde-Lubaszenko as Marek Bystry, Hanusz's father  Gustaw Lutkiewicz as kozak Opanas Bedryszko  Wiesław Gołas as kozak
Mark Philippoussis and Patrick Rafter were the defending champions but they competed with different partners that
Valley of the Dolls is an American drama series that aired in Syndication that ran from June 13 until September 9, 1994, and ran for 65 episodes with a running time of around 30 minutes per episode.  Overview A 1990s television adaption of the 1966 novel Valley of the Dolls shows the lives of various glamorous women living in Southern California.  Principal cast Sally Kirkland as Helen Lawson Colleen Morris as Jennifer North Melissa De Sousa as Neely O'Hara Sharon Case as Anne Welles Warren Burton as Mitch Henry Michael Paul Chan as Rick Chen Kamar de los Reyes as Ray Ariaz Cameron Hall as Billy Shreiber Lisa Howard as Caitlin North Carol Lawrence as Bernice Stein Scott Marlowe as Michael Burke John O'Hurley as Allen Cooper Jim Pirri as Jean-Claude Tom Reilly as Peter D'Allesio Mik Scriba as Gordon North Milton Selzer as Manny Henry Kevin Spirtas as Tim Burke David Stratton as Dennis Ulander  References  External links  1990s American drama television series 1994 American television series debuts 1994 American
Tanya Lindenmuth (born May 25, 1979) is an American cyclist. She competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, in the women's sprint. Lindenmuth was born in Allentown, Pennsylvania.  References  1979 births Living people American female cyclists Olympic cyclists for the United States Cyclists
MC Fioti is a Brazilian funk carioca rapper, singer and producer. He was born on 30 August 1994 in Itapecerica da Serra, São Paulo.  Biography He rose to popularity in 2016 thanks to his social media-savvy hit single "Vai Toma" which he recorded with fellow São Paulo native MC Pikachu. Characterized by lean, bright productions with heavy bass, Fioti unleashed a deluge
Tambacounda (; Wolof: Tambaakundaa ) is the largest city in eastern Senegal,  southeast of Dakar, and is the regional capital of the province of the same name. Its estimated population in 2007 was 78,800.  Geography Tambacounda is situated on the sparsely populated sahélien plains of eastern Senegal.  Nearby towns include Madina Maboule, Koukari, Yoro Sankoule, Sambadian, Djidje Kounda, Afia Seno, Saare Boylii and Kanderi Niana.  Climate Tambacounda has a tropical savanna climate (Köppen Aw), bordering upon a hot semi-arid climate (BSh). Like most of West Africa, the area has two seasons, the rainy season from June to October, characterized by heat, humidity and storms, and the sweltering, rainless dry season from November to May. The average precipitation is .  History Tambacounda was founded by Mandinka settlers of the Jatta (Diatta) family who had been driven out of the valley of the Faleme river by an expanding Bundu in the 18th century. When they arrived at the future side of Tambacounda they found a single hut, inhabited by a slave named Tamba, who welcomed them. The town, a center of the peanut trade with the English, was attacked by Bundu in 1863.  With the opening of Dakar–Bamako railway in the 1920s came more intensive cultivation of grains, peanuts and cotton.  French colonial authorities made the town a major transport hub, and a number of buildings, including the rail station retain the colonial flavor.  Population and culture  Between the censuses of 1988 and 2002, Tambacounda grew from 41,885 to 67,543 inhabitants.  In 2007, according to official estimates, the population reached 78,800 persons.  Settled first by Mandike peoples on the outskirts of the Mali Empire, on the regular transhumance routes of Fula cattle herders, and settled again by Wolof farmers in the early 20th century, Tambacounda has a mix of most of the ethnic groups in Senegal.  The Tambacounda region is famous for its rich djembe and dance culture and heritage with some of the greatest djembe masters from Segu, Mali coming to Tambacounda in the mid 1900s, and brought with them their history, knowledge, and secrets of the djembe. Among the famous musicians from Tambacounda was drummer Abdoulaye Diakité.  Religion As with most of Senegal, the population is overwhelmingly Muslim, with much of the Wolof population in the region tracing their roots to Mouride sufi adherents who were given wild grassland by the brotherhood to clear and settle at the beginning of the 20th century.  There is a Roman Catholic Diocese of Tambacounda, but only 1.8% of the population of the region is Roman Catholic.  Transport  Historically, the city grew from
Yevgeny Borisovich Grishin (, born 1 October 1959) is a retired Russian water polo defender. He was part of the Soviet teams that won gold medals at the 1980 Olympics, 1982 World Championships, and 1983 and 1985 European championships, and placed third at the 1986 World Championships and 1988 Olympics. Grishin was coached by his father Boris, who is also a retired Olympic water polo defender. His mother Valentina and sister Yelena are Olympic fencers.  His nephew, Sergey Bida, is a top-ranked épée fencer who made his
Jeff Roches is an American actor, best known for his work with director Sean Weathers. He is the youngest of six children. After his studies in classical music for six years, he completed his first of fifteen short stories at the age of 18. He would go on to write articles on his view of life. In 2000 he composed a four-minute symphony untitled, a combination of; symphony drums, flute, violin, trumpet, and cello for orchestra. A year later he decided not to continue his music career, though he performed as hype-man for rapper 'Timothy Dark' from 2001 to 2003 in various settings, and clubs including CBGB's, and "Sidewalk cafe".  Acting In 2001 his leg was featured a public service announcement for 'NY Youth'. The project and a few short films were the start of his lengthy career. In 2002, he auditioned for 'Full Circle Films' and landed a role as a Heroin addict in Weather's They All Must Die! and returned later that year to film Lust For Vengeance. He starred in several films in 2003 and 2004, one of which led to a role in the experimental film The Fix by Aswad Issa. The film was six years in the
Lee James is a British sports broadcaster. He is one of the
Eliana Falco (born 21 July 1987)  is a team handball player from Uruguay. She plays on the Uruguay women's national handball team, and participated at the 2005 World Women's
Sweet Anita (born 28 July 1990) is an English Twitch streamer and YouTuber.  Early life Anita was raised in East Anglia by a single mother before moving to South West England.  She was diagnosed with Tourette's syndrome, including the rare symptom of coprolalia, at the age of 27. She exhibited symptoms of the disorder throughout her teenage years and could only participate in formal education for a year because of her tics. Anita attempted to get a medical diagnosis when she was 13 but the doctor did not take her symptoms seriously and said she would grow out of it, while dismissing her as attention-seeking. Over a decade later, she again attempted to get a diagnosis, this time at a hospital. After a week of tests, she was diagnosed with Tourette's syndrome.  Career Anita began streaming on Twitch in 2018. Her early streams consisted of gaming content, primarily Overwatch. She quickly gained popularity after clips of her profanity-laden outbursts, caused by her tics, went viral. Later that year, Variety named Anita among the most influential people in video games.  Anita was nominated in 2019 for her first major award at the 11th Shorty Awards for "Twitch Streamer of the Year".  In mid-2019, Anita reported that she was experiencing long-term harassment and abuse from an unidentified stalker. In a Twitter post, Anita criticised the police's handling of the situation, saying "If anything happens to me, I really hope that I'm the last canary in the coal mine. The law needs to change. No job should have such a high risk of rape, assault or death, especially not live streaming." In September 2020, Anita released a YouTube video detailing her ordeal along with the experience of several other online personalities in regards to stalking, in order to spread awareness on the matter.  Anita has worked with UK-based charity Tourettes Action, hosting fundraisers for the organisation on multiple occasions.  In December 2020, Anita hosted VY Esports' online gaming festival LuudoFest!  Personal life Outside of streaming, Anita
Carl Adolf Rosenberg (1850 – 1906) was a German theater critic and art historian.  Rosenberg was born as the son of a Prussian merchant in Bydgoszcz and attended secondary school in Berlin and Cologne. He studied classics and archeology at the University of Berlin. After completing his doctorate on the Furies, he undertook study trips to places in Germany, Austria, Italy, France, Belgium and the Netherlands. He became a prolific writer on the arts and is known best for his illustrated biographies and catalogs on Rubens, Rembrandt and other artists.  Rosenberg died in Berlin.  Works  Adolf Rosenberg: Herr Professor Boetticher als Archaeologe: Ein Beitrag zur Geschichte der Berliner Archäologie. Berlin 1873  Adolf Rosenberg: Die Erinyen. Ein Beitrag zur Religion und Kunst der Griechen. Borntraeger Eggers, Berlin 1874  Adolf Rosenberg: Sebald und Barthel Beham, zwei Maler der deutschen Renaissance. Seemann, Leipzig 1875  Hugo Licht (Hrsg.): Adolf Rosenberg: Die Architektur Berlins: Sammlung hervorragender Bauausführungen der letzten Jahre.  Wasmuth, Berlin 1877  Adolf Rosenberg: Die Berliner Malerschule 1819-1879: Studien und Kritiken.  Wasmuth, Berlin 1879  Adolf Rosenberg: Rubensbriefe.  Gesammelt und erläutert von Adolf Rosenberg.  Leipzig, 1881 version in the university of Heidelberg library  Adolf Rosenberg: Geschichte der modernen Kunst. 3 volumes, Grunow, Leipzig 1884−1889  Adolf Rosenberg and Heinrich Mosler: Klassiker der Baukunst. Lemme, Leipzig 1885  Adolf Rosenberg: Die Münchener Malerschule in ihrer Entwicklung seit 1871. Seemann, Leipzig 1887  Adolf Rosenberg: Aus der Düsseldorfer Malerschule : Studien und Skizzen. - Leipzig : Seemann, 1890. version in Düsseldorf library  Hugo Licht (Hrsg.): Adolf Rosenberg: Architektur der Gegenwart: Übersicht der hervorragendsten Bauausführungen der Neuzeit.  5 volumes, Wasmuth, Berlin 1892-1898  Adolf Rosenberg: A. von Werner Velhagen & Klasing, Bielefeld-Leipzig 1895  Adolf Rosenberg and Hermann Knackfuss: Teniers der Jüngere; mit 63 Abbildungen von Gemälden und Zeichnungen. Künstler-Monographien 8, Velhagen &  Klasing, Bielefel-Leipzig 1895  Adolf Rosenberg: Antoine Watteau Velhagen & Klasing, Bielefeld-Leipzig 1896  Adolf Rosenberg: Thorwaldsen. Künstler-Monographien 16, Velhagen & Klasing, Bielefeld-Leipzig 1896  Adolf Rosenberg: Defregger: mit 96 Abbildungen nach Gemälden und Zeichnungen. Künstler-Monographien 18, Velhagen &  Klasing, Bielefeld-Leipzig 1897  Adolf Rosenberg: Terborch  und Jan Steen (with 95 illustrations). Künstler-Monographien 19, Velhagen & Klasing, Bielefeld-Leipzig 1897  Adolf Rosenberg: Vautier: mit 111 Abbildungen nach Gemälden und Zeichnungen. Künstler-Monographien 23, Velhagen & Klasing, Bielefeld-Leipzig 1897  Adolf Rosenberg: Lenbach: mit 101 Abbildungen nach Gemälden und Zeichnungen. Künstler-Monographien 34, Velhagen &  Klasing, Bielefeld-Leipzig 1898  Adolf Rosenberg: Leonardo da Vinci: mit 128 Abb. nach Gemälden u. Zeichn. Künstler-Monographien 33, Velhagen & Klasing, Bielefeld-Leipzig 1898  Adolf Rosenberg: E. von Gebhardt Künstler-Monographien 38, Velhagen & Klasing, Bielefeld-Leipzig 1899  Adolf Rosenberg: Eberlein. Künstler-Monographien 66, Velhagen & Klasing, Bielefeld-Leipzig 1899  Adolf Rosenberg: Adriaen und Isack van Ostade Velhagen & Klasing, Bielefeld-Leipzig 1900  Adolf Rosenberg: Friedrich August von Kaulbach: mit 107 Abbildungen nach
John S. Dryzek (born 23 June 1953) is a Centenary Professor at the Centre for Deliberative Democracy and Global Governance at the University of Canberra's Institute for Governance and Policy Analysis.  Education  Dryzek has a B.A. (Honours) in Economics and Politics from the University of Lancaster (1974), an M.Sc. in Politics from the University of Strathclyde (1976) and a Ph.D. in Government and Politics from the University of Maryland (1980).  Career Before moving to the University of Canberra (Australia), Dryzek was Distinguished Professor of Political Science and Australian Research Council Federation Fellow at the Australian National University. He is a Fellow of the Academy of Social Sciences in Australia, former Head of the Departments of Political Science at the Universities of Oregon and Melbourne and of the Social and Political Theory program at the Australian National University (ANU), and former editor of the Australian Journal of Political Science.  In a 2010 poll of American political theorists, Dryzek was listed in the top 20 ‘scholars doing excellent work today whose work will be influential during the next 20 years’, and was the most highly ranked scholar based outside North America.  In 2014, Dryzek was awarded the Australian Research Council Laureate Fellowship for the project Deliberative worlds: democracy, justice and a changing world.  Working in both political theory and empirical social science, Dryzek is best known for his contributions in the areas of democratic theory and practice and environmental politics. One of the instigators of the 'deliberative turn' in democratic theory, he has published numerous books in this area with Oxford University Press, Cambridge University Press, and Polity Press. His work in environmental politics ranges from green political philosophy to studies of environmental discourses and movements to global climate governance, and he has published five books in this area with Oxford University Press, Cambridge University Press, and Basil Blackwell.  Dryzek has also worked on comparative studies of democratization, post-positivist public policy analysis, and the history and philosophy of social science. His current research emphasizes global justice, governance in the Anthropocene (where human activity is understood as a major environmental factor), and cultural variety in deliberative practice.  Dryzek has also been influential in the related fields of international relations and international political theory. He was an early proponent of global democracy, helping to develop the concept and illustrating
Sunit Ghosh (1 September 1934 – 7 November 2021) was an Indian cricket umpire. He stood in two Test matches in 1988 and seven ODI games between 1987 and 1989.
Hansell can refer to:  Anna Hansell, British physician Ellen Hansell, American tennis player Greg Hansell, American baseball player Haywood
Luciola candezei, is a species of firefly beetle found in Sri Lanka.  References   Lampyridae Insects
Orliac (; ) is a commune in the Dordogne department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.  Population  See
Takamatsu (written: ) is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:  Prince Takamatsu (1905–1987), Japanese prince Princess Takamatsu (1911–2004), Japanese princess, the wife of Prince Takamatsu Daiki Takamatsu (born 1981), Japanese football
Gordon Irving Kaye (7 April 194123 January 2017), known professionally as Gorden Kaye, was an English actor, best known for playing womanising café owner René Artois in the television comedy series 'Allo 'Allo!.  Early life Kaye was born on 7 April 1941 in Huddersfield, West Riding of Yorkshire, the only child of Harold and Gracie Kaye; Gracie was 42 when she gave birth. Harold Kaye was a lorry driver in the ARP during the Second World War, and at other times worked as an engineering operative in a tractor factory.  When young, Kaye played rugby league for Moldgreen ARLFC before studying at King James's Grammar School, Almondbury, Huddersfield. He worked in hospital radio in Huddersfield (interviewing Ken Dodd and then the Beatles in 1963 when they played the Ritz in the town), and worked in textile mills, a wine factory, and a tractor factory.  Career  Kaye had appeared in a radio play directed by Alan Ayckbourn and also in a television play from Manchester. Ayckbourn suggested that he audition for the Bolton Octagon Theatre; he was offered a contract and his roles there included Pishchik in The Cherry Orchard followed by roles in The Homecoming, The Imaginary Invalid, Luther, and a double-bill of Oedipus and Cyclops.  He made his TV debut as a railway guard in the BBC's Yorkshire mill drama Champion House (1968) and played small roles in such films as The Party's Over (1965), starring Oliver Reed. Having been seen by Pat Phoenix in Little Malcolm by David Halliwell at Bolton, he was cast as Bernard Butler, the nephew of Elsie Tanner (Phoenix), in the soap opera Coronation Street in 1969. He later made an impression on producer/writer David Croft following guest roles in It Ain't Half Hot Mum and Come Back Mrs. Noah.  He appeared in the 1978 comedy short The Waterloo Bridge Handicap, starring Leonard Rossiter, and featured as Dines in the feature film version of Porridge (1979) alongside Ronnie Barker. He also appeared in the drama series All Creatures Great and Small and in the private detective series Shoestring. In 1981, Kaye appeared as Frank Broadhurst in the children's drama serial Codename Icarus.  Kaye appeared in three episodes of Croft's British department store sitcom Are You Being Served? and was later offered the lead role in a series he had written called Oh Happy Band!, but Kaye was unavailable and the part went to Harry Worth. Oh Happy Band! lasted one series.  Kaye had a small part in Terry Gilliam's film Brazil as desk clerk M.O.I. Lobby Porter and appeared in Gilliam's 1977 film Jabberwocky as Sister Jessica.  He played Dr Grant in a television adaptation of Mansfield Park and Lymoges, Duke of Austria in the 1984 BBC production of King John by Shakespeare. He also toured in the National Theatre production of As You Like It, as Touchstone. The same year, he appeared as hard man Sammy, an enforcer employed by agoraphobic bookmaker Albert Wendle in the Minder episode "Get Daley!"  In 1990, Kaye played the fictional local television presenter Maynard Lavery in an edition of Last of the Summer Wine. In the early 1990s he made a guest appearance in a Christmas special of Family Fortunes, in which he served as team captain and placed host Les Dennis on a special "Double Big Money" round for Dennis to score more than one hundred points to double the charity prize money, which he did. In 1995 Kaye played Monsieur Pamplemousse in a BBC Radio three-part adaption of Michael Bond's 1990 novel Monsieur Pamplemousse Investigates.  ===Allo 'Allo!=== In 1982, David Croft sent Kaye the script for the pilot episode of 'Allo 'Allo! inviting him to play the central character of René Artois. He accepted and appeared in all 85 episodes (the main series ran from 1984, two years after the pilot, until 1992) and 1,200 performances of the stage version.  Kaye was the subject of This Is Your Life in 1986 when he was surprised by Eamonn Andrews at the curtain call of the West End stage version of '''Allo 'Allo! at the Prince of Wales Theatre.  Kaye returned as René Artois in a 2007 one-off television revival of Allo 'Allo! and in a stage show in Brisbane, Australia, at the Twelfth Night Theatre in June and July, alongside Sue Hodge as Mimi Labonq and Guy Siner as Lieutenant Gruber. The other characters were portrayed by Australian actors, including Katy Manning, Steven Tandy, Chloe Dallimore, and Jason Gann.  Personal life Kaye's autobiography, René and Me: An Autobiography (co-written with Hilary Bonner), was published in 1989. In the book, he described his experiences as a shy, gay, overweight, typecast youth. The unusual spelling of his name (usually spelt "Gordon") was the result of a British Actors' Equity Association typing error.  Kaye suffered serious life-threatening head injuries in a car accident whilst driving his Honda CRX, during the Burns' Day Storm in London on 25 January 1990. Although he could not remember any details of the incident, he retained a scar on his forehead from a piece of wooden advertising hoarding that had smashed through the car windscreen. He was rescued by the police and taken to Charing Cross Hospital.  Writing in his memoirs, 'Allo 'Allo! co-writer Jeremy Lloyd said he visited Kaye in hospital, adding, "I believe part of his recovery was due to his agent getting a video and showing reruns of '''Allo 'Allo! to remind him who he was." While recovering in hospital from emergency brain
WZAC-FM (92.5 MHz) is a Country formatted broadcast radio station. The station is licensed to Danville, West Virginia and serves Madison, Logan, and Charleston in West Virginia. WZAC-FM is owned and operated by Naomi Kaye Watson, through licensee Price Broadcasting, LLC.  References  External links  WZAC 92.5FM Online
Virginia Falls Water Aerodrome  is located on the South Nahanni River approximately  upstream from Virginia Falls, Northwest Territories, Canada. It is open from early May until
A Rather English Marriage is a novel by Angela Lambert, first published in 1992, and later adapted for television by Andrew Davies for the BBC.  Plot summary The book's plot concerns two retired men who are thrown together following the deaths of their wives in the same hospital.  Both have served in the armed forces, one, Reggie Conyngham-Jervis, being a former officer, the other, Roy Southgate, an ex-NCO.  The class differences lead to Roy moving in with Reggie and being treated as an unpaid servant.  The reader's sympathies are with Roy as he remains humble and faithful to his purpose until Reggie becomes too domineering.  Roy remarries, and Reggie, whose attempt to seduce a younger widow, Liz Franks, has ended in failure, is left alone.  Television adaptation  The television adaptation, first screened on BBC Two on 30 December 1998 and later released on DVD, is directed by Paul Seed.  It stars Tom Courtenay as Roy and Albert Finney as Reggie, and stays close to the plot of the book until the ending, when the two old men end up staying together.  The adaptation also starred Joanna Lumley as Liz, Ursula Howells as Reggie's wife, Mary, and Jeremy Clyde as Reggie's nephew.  The show won the BAFTA Awards for Best Actor (Tom Courtenay), Best Editing, Best Original Television Music and Best Single Drama. It also received nominations for Best Actor (Albert Finney), Best Actress (Joanna Lumley) and Best Sound.  It also received the Peabody Award and the Royal Television Society Award for Best Single Drama.  References  External links  A Rather English Marriage @BBC Programmes  1992 British novels English novels Peabody Award-winning broadcasts 1998 television
Puncturella cooperi is a species of sea snail, a
Kisvásárhely is a village in Zala County, Hungary.  References  Populated places in Zala
India toured the West Indies during the 2006 international cricket season. India were ranked highly above the West Indies in both the ICC Test Championship as well as the ICC ODI Championship but the latter team had the favour of beating Zimbabwe 5–0 in a series of One Day International matches earlier in the month. West Indies eventually emerged as winners of this ODI series, taking it 4–1 after losing the first match in the final over.  India had not won a Test series in the West Indies for 35 years, but India defeated the West Indies 1–0 in the Test series.  Rahul Dravid, the Indian squad captain, was awarded the Man of
Bocaranga Airport  is an airstrip serving Bocaranga, a town in the Ouham-Pendé prefecture of the Central African Republic.  The airport runs alongside the RR4 road at Bokongo, a hamlet  south of Bocaranga.  See also  Transport in the Central African Republic List of airports in
Stephen Thomas Golding (born February 8, 1984) known as Pete Golding is an American football coach who currently serves as the defensive coordinator and inside linebackers coach for Ole Miss.  Playing career Golding was a four-year starter for the Delta State Statesmen from 2002 to 2005 at safety, racking up 285 career tackles to rank third in school history while recording nine career interceptions to finish fourth. In 2004, the free safety garnered All-Gulf South Conference honors after leading the team with 85 tackles with two interceptions and eight pass break-ups. As a senior in 2005, he tallied 81 tackles with five tackles-for-loss, two interceptions and two forced fumbles.  Coaching career Golding began his coaching career as a graduate assistant on former Delta State head coach Rick Rhoades' staff in 2006. The Statesmen went 12–3 that season and advanced all the way to the NCAA Division II Semifinals before falling to eventual national champion Grand Valley State.  Tusculum College Golding served for two years as defensive coordinator and defensive backs coach under Frankie DeBusk at Tusculum College, a member of the South Atlantic Conference. Prior to being named
The Pennsylvania Attorney General election of 2020 was held on November 3, 2020. Primary elections were originally due to take place on April 28, 2020. However, following concerns regarding the COVID-19 pandemic in the United States including Pennsylvania, the primaries were delayed until June 2, 2020. Incumbent Democratic attorney general Josh Shapiro defeated Republican Heather Heidelbaugh to win a second term. With this victory, earning 3,461,472 votes and outperforming Joe Biden in the concurrent presidential election, Shapiro became the highest votegetter in Pennsylvania history.  Democratic primary  Candidates  Declared  Josh Shapiro, incumbent Pennsylvania Attorney General  Results  Republican primary  Candidates  Declared  Heather Heidelbaugh, partner, Leech Tishman; former Allegheny County councilwoman
Brayden Willis (born November 11, 1999) is an American football tight end for the San Francisco 49ers of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Oklahoma.  Early life and high school Willis grew up in Arlington, Texas and attended Martin High School. He was rated a three-star recruit and committed to play college football at Oklahoma.  College career Willis played college football for the Oklahoma Sooners for five seasons. He caught 15 passes for 177 yards and two touchdowns as a senior. Willis decided to use the extra year of eligibility granted to college athletes in 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic and returned to Oklahoma for a fifth season. In his final season, he caught
Polarsets are a four-piece band from Newcastle upon Tyne, England. They have released an album, Parasols, an EP and a number of singles.  Career  After a winter of writing, Polarsets recorded the "Leave Argentina" single, which was released in 2010 on Bandcamp. Both this track and its B-side "Just Don't Open Your Eyes Yet" were instrumental in the band being able to play live locally. They were selected to open the Main Stage of the Evolution Festival in Newcastle in 2010 and with support slots for Ellie Goulding, Delphic, Right Said
Sha'aban Ibrahim Sharada is a Nigerian politician and Journalist from Kano state who was the Personal Assistant to President Muhammad Buhari before he become a Member of the House of Representatives in 2019.  Early life and education Sha'aban was (born on 1 January,1982 Kano,Nigeria) in Sharada quarters of Kano Municipal Local Government Area of Kano State, he attended Salamta Primary School, he also attended Government Secondary Sharada. He obtained his 1st Degree in
Catocala stamensis is a moth in the family Erebidae. It
Gwendolyn DuBois Shaw (born September 26, 1968) is an art historian, curator, and professor of American art at the University of Pennsylvania. She has curated major exhibitions and published several books on African American art. In 2019, she became director of history, research and scholarship and senior historian at the National Portrait Gallery in Washington, D.C.  Career  Shaw received her BA from the University of California, Santa Barbara and her PhD in American art at Stanford University. She was a fellow at both Romare Bearden Graduate Museum, which supported her work at the Saint Louis Art Museum and the Radcliffe Institute at Harvard University.  Shaw became an assistant professor of History of Art and Architecture and of African and African American Studies at Harvard University, teaching there for five years. Shaw is currently an associate professor at the University of Pennsylvania. Her research focuses on issues of race, gender, sexuality, and class in American art, particularly as they relate to conflict. In 2019, she was appointed director of history, research and scholarship and senior historian at the National Portrait Gallery in Washington, D.C.  Writing  Shaw has published three books on African American art: Seeing the
The Cadillac ATS (short for Alpha Touring Sedan) is a compact executive premium 4-door sedan and 2-door coupe manufactured and marketed by Cadillac and developed at the General Motors Technical Center in Warren, Michigan. Cadillac assembled the ATS at the Lansing Grand River Assembly plant in Lansing, Michigan.  The ATS is based on General Motors' Alpha platform and is offered in either rear- or all-wheel drive configurations. The ATS base engine had been a naturally aspirated 2.5-liter I-4 gasoline engine that produces , until the 2016 model year. Optional engines include a 2.0-liter turbocharged I-4 gasoline engine that produces  and a naturally aspirated 3.6-liter V6 gasoline engine that produces . The 2.0-liter engine replaced the 2.5-liter engine as the base engine for the 2017 model year. A diesel engine had been planned to be available in the future. All versions were equipped with a 6-speed GM 6L45 Hydra-Matic automatic transmission as standard until the 2015 model year. An 8-speed automatic transmission was introduced for the 2016 model year. The 2.0-liter turbocharged, rear-wheel drive version can be mated to an optional 6-speed Tremec M3L TR-3160 manual transmission.  Cadillac debuted the ATS to the press in the United States in January 2012, placed the ATS into production in July 2012 and began selling the ATS in the United States in August 2012 as a 2013 model. GM began selling the ATS in China in November 2013. Cadillac sold the ATS in the U.S., Canada, Mexico, Europe, the Middle East, China, Japan, and South Korea, until it was replaced by the CT4 in 2019 and 2020.  Development GM engineers working principally at the General Motors Technical Center in Warren, Michigan, United States developed the ATS.  Rationale Prior to the debut of the ATS, Cadillac's smallest vehicle was the mid-size CTS. The CTS was comparable in price to compact competitors like the Audi A4, the BMW 3 Series, the Lexus IS and the Mercedes-Benz C-Class but was comparable in size and weight to the more expensive mid-size BMW 5 Series. Although Cadillac believed that customers would favor a 5 Series sized car at a 3 Series price, that assumption proved to be incorrect. Cadillac's research found that target customers who already owned vehicles like the 3 Series or A4 did not want a larger vehicle. General Motors began development of a smaller car that would satisfy these target customers; that car would eventually become the Cadillac ATS.  Competitive benchmarking To establish parameters around which they would design the ATS, GM engineers benchmarked the 1999-2006 BMW E46 3 Series, which ATS chief engineer Dave Masch and his team regarded as the most dynamic and driver-focused iteration of the 3 Series. The engineers emphasized low weight when developing the ATS and their efforts resulted in a finished vehicle that weighs less than the BMW E46 benchmark. To achieve this result, Masch suggested that the engineering team disregarded certain GM product development rules that, had they been followed, would have resulted in a heavier vehicle.  Marketing  Cadillac showed a pre-production styling buck of the ATS to the press on 11 August 2009. Cadillac debuted the production ATS to the press on 8 January 2012. General Motors began selling the ATS in the United States in August 2012 as a 2013 model. Sales in China began on 21 November 2013. Chinese-market vehicles were initially imported from the United States by Shanghai GM.  A Chinese-assembled ATS-L was launched in China in August 2014.  New platform and minor refresh for 2015 During the early development of the ATS, GM engineers determined that downsizing the GM Sigma II platform that underpinned the second-generation CTS would result in a vehicle that was too heavy and that using an economical, front-wheel drive platform would sacrifice performance. Under the leadership of Dave Leone, GM engineers created a brand-new platform which was designed to be light and compact, to be capable of handling both rear- and all-wheel drive configurations and to have a near 50/50 weight distribution. The new platform developed by the GM engineers for the ATS is now called the GM Alpha platform.  For 2015 model year, the refreshed Cadillac ATS gained most of its styling from its Coupe version, the two-bar grille, redesigned Cadillac emblem, seen on the ATS coupe first, and was eventually placed on every Cadillac in the lineup by 2017. Exterior tweaks for the 2015 Cadillac ATS front fascia has been lowered, and more exterior paint choices have been made. The ATS interior is a carryover for 2015, but has seen some modest technology updates for 2015 as well including a more responsive CUE system.  2016 model year changes For the 2016 model year, the new generation 3.6L LGX V6 featuring a cylinder deactivation system replaces the 3.6L LFX V6 and a new 8-speed 8L45 replaces the 6-speed 6L45 automatic transmission. As opposed to the previous years of the ATS's more lower-placed emblems, the rear emblems were now placed near the top of the trunk lid. Automatic start-stop technology was added for the 2.0T and 3.6L V6 models using the 8-speed automatic transmission. GM claimed this ultracapacitor-based system reduced  output by 6 percent. In addition to a refreshed gauge cluster using white LEDs and added chrome, Apple CarPlay and Android Auto were also made standard starting with the 2016 model year.  2017 model year changes  A Carbon Black sport package, which blacks out chrome and adds body colored door handles and spoiler, two exterior colors and 17-inch wheels in two finishes are new
James Sharpe (1846 – October 30, 1935) was an English-born merchant and political figure in Ontario, Canada.
Windy Cove () is a small bay entered 0.6 nautical miles (1.1 km) southeast of Antarctic Point on the north coast of South Georgia. The bay was named Whatahope Bay, probably by DI personnel who charted this coast in 1929, but is known locally as Windy Cove. It is probable that this latter name, originally given by DI personnel in 1929 to the next bay to the northwest (now Tornquist Bay, q.v.), was erroneously transferred to this feature. Since Whatahope Bay is unknown locally, the name Windy Cove as applied to this
Dragana Marinković (born 19 October 1982) is a Serbian professional volleyball player who competed for the Croatian and Serbian women's national teams in the 2000s. She is  tall. Marinković has played for seven seasons in the Italian Serie A. In the season 2009/2010, she moved to Pesaro.  Sources  External links Dragana
Eden TV is an Italian regional television channel of Veneto owned by G.R.2000 srl group. It transmits a light entertainment program: movies, news and weather bulletins, documentary film and sports on LCN 86.  Other channels in the group are Eden 2, Arancio, New Generation Tv and Eden 5.  Programs in Italian  Tg Treviso Mercatino Vie verdi
Unode is a short form of underground node: a script or program that combines other programs for creating a decentralized anonymous encrypted communication network. Other programs include: Entropy, Mixmaster, GPG, NEWSPOST, plus Plugins for more.  Unode is a project to create a set of bash scripts to help Activists communicate without revealing their IP, or other personal data.  Some of these scripts are used to forward email lists to the newsgroup alt.activism.underground. By doing this, activists can read important action alerts and other information without
The lacrimal nerve is the smallest of the three main branches of the ophthalmic nerve (CN V1) (itself a branch of the trigeminal nerve (CN V)).  It enters the orbit outside the common tendinous ring and passes forward along the side wall of the orbit.  It provides sensory innervation to the skin and both surfaces of conjunctiva at the lateral portion of the upper eyelid.  It also receives a parasympathetic secretomotor communicating branch for the lacrimal gland which it conveys to the gland.  Structure  Origin  The lacrimal nerve branches from the ophthalmic nerve immediately before traveling through the superior orbital fissure to enter the orbit.  At the superior portion of the lateral wall of the orbit, it also receives a secretomotor communicating parasympathetic branch from the zygomaticotemporal nerve for the lacrimal gland.  Course  It enters the orbit through the superior orbital fissure outside (lateral to) the common tendinous ring, coursing lateral to the frontal nerve and trochlear nerve (CN IV). Once inside the orbit, it travels anterior-ward along (the superior portion of) the lateral wall of the orbit upon the superior margin of the lateral rectus muscle; here, it receives a secretomotor branch for the lacrimal gland from the zygomaticotemporal nerve. It is accompanied by the lacrimal artery along its course through the orbit. It travels through the lacrimal gland, supplying the gland with sensory and parasympathetic branches, then continuing anteriorly as a few small sensory branches. It pierces the
Bobrowiec may refer to the following places: Bobrowiec, Łódź Voivodeship (central Poland) Bobrowiec, Masovian Voivodeship (east-central Poland) Bobrowiec, Pomeranian Voivodeship (north Poland) Bobrowiec,
Karen J. Nichols is an American osteopathic physician, former medical school dean at Midwestern University, and current chair of the Board of Directors of the Accreditation Council for Graduate Medical Education.  Education Karen J. Nichols graduated from Kansas City University College of Osteopathic Medicine. She graduated from Central Michigan University with a master's degree in management, with a specialty in healthcare administration. She completed in internal medicine residency at Oklahoma Osteopathic Hospital (now Oklahoma State University Medical Center).  Career From 1985 through 2002, Dr. Nichols practiced internal medicine and geriatrics in Mesa, Arizona. From 2000 to 2001, Nichols served as president of the American College of Osteopathic Internists. From 2002 to 2018, she served as dean at Midwestern University Chicago College of Osteopathic Medicine. In 2010 and 2011, she served as the president of the American Osteopathic Association. In 2015, she received the AOA Distinguished Service Certificate.  In 2018, she became vice chair of the Accreditation Council for Graduate Medical Education (ACGME) Board of Directors. In 2019, she was elected chair of the ACGME board of directors. Dr. Nichols serves on the ACGME executive committee and the governance committee. She was the first female president of the American Osteopathic Association, the American College of Osteopathic Internists, and the Arizona Osteopathic Medical Association. She has served on the boards of Kansas City University and the American Osteopathic Foundation.  References   Living people American osteopathic physicians Kansas City University of Medicine and Biosciences alumni Central Michigan University alumni Year of birth missing (living people) Oklahoma
Thomas Lewis Bradshaw (born February 14, 1935)  is an American steel guitarist, journalist, music historian and businessman and who is known for his contributions to the pedagogy of steel guitar. He is a member of the Steel Guitar Hall of Fame (2006). Bradshaw is noted for creating what is now an international standard for describing how a steel guitar is configured, and coined the name  "copedent"  to describe it. NPR music writer Jesse Jarnow called Bradshaw "perhaps the world's leading authority on the instrument".  Bradshaw played and repaired steel guitars and sold parts and accessories for the instruments for nearly a half-century. He was editor and publisher of Steel Guitarist magazine and was a columnist and writer for Guitar Player  Magazine for many years, interviewing elite players and documenting steel guitar's evolution.  His plaque in the Hall of Fame reads in part, " He was steel's foremost journalist of his time"  Early life Bradshaw was born in Skiatook, Oklahoma in 1935. His earliest musical recollection was listening to Bob Wills' radio broadcasts featuring steel guitarist Leon McAuliffe at noon every day. The family moved to Bakersfield, California, and when Bradshaw was in the seventh grade, a salesman from the Oahu Music Company came to his door, selling a series of steel guitar lessons. Bradshaw took group lessons at first, then private lessons after Oahu lost its lease on the building.  He began with an acoustic steel guitar and moved up to an electric lap steel, a Rickenbacker with a Supro amp. The family moved to Monterey and in his early teens he played in a country music band there. As a high school sophomore, he got a triple-neck Fender lap steel. His idol was guitarist Jerry Byrd and he studied and memorized Byrd's solos.  Career  Bradshaw attended college and became interested in criminal justice. After graduation he married, bought a house, and got a job as a probation officer. He later secured an executive position  at the federal penitentiary in Tacoma Washington, and during that time got back into his hobby of playing music (after a 5 year hiatus). He became interested in music theory and wrote a monograph on steel guitar chord theory; he began selling it by mail for 3 dollars. As part of his mail-order business, he began collecting a list of steel guitarists in a database, a practice which would play a role in his future. In 1963, he took an executive job supervising parole officers at San Quentin Prison near San Francisco.  In the Bay Area, he changed from lap steel
Leofric is an Old English name meaning "Friendly Kingdom", composed of "Leof" meaning friendly or desirable, and "ric" meaning kingdom or governmental state. The name may refer to   Leofric (bishop)  (1016–1072), English religious leader  Leofric (fl. 1070) (fl. 1070), English
Kim Sang-hyun (Hangul: 김상현, Hanja: 金相賢; born January 18, 1955, in Busan, South Korea) is a former boxer from South Korea.  Career Kim won the Orient and Pacific Boxing Federation light welterweight title in 1978 and became the WBC light welterweight champion with a technical KO win over Saensak Muangsurin, who set a world record by winning the world title in
Gibberula oryza is a species of very small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the
Marivivens donghaensis is a Gram-negative and
"Hero of War" is a 2008 song by Rise Against from the album Appeal to Reason. The song was mistaken to be the album's third single, after a music video of the song was released on the band's Myspace on May 20, 2009. However, it was later revealed it was just a promotional video and "Savior" is in fact, the third single.  Recording Lead vocalist Tim McIlrath wrote the music and lyrics for "Hero of War" during the recording sessions of Rise Against's fifth album Appeal to Reason. Toward the completion of Appeal to Reason, McIlrath thought to include an acoustic song he had written earlier in the sessions, but was not sure if it would fit with the rest of the hardcore music on the album. He told producer Bill Stevenson about a possible acoustic song he had written from the perspective of a war veteran. By coincidence, Stevenson had just thought about writing an anti-war song, and after listening to the acoustic song, he convinced McIlrath to include it on the album.  Song meaning The song starts out with an army recruiter asking the protagonist, a potential recruit, to enlist. With promises of adventure and money, he does indeed sign up. At the end of the song, the protagonist, now a veteran, recalls with bitter irony the army recruiter's promise that signing up would mean he could "see the world".      The protagonist sees how destructive wars are, including the destruction of his own moral scruples, as the protagonist is convinced, after initially protesting, to join in and participate in the torture of a prisoner. The soldier repeatedly declares his loyalty and trust in his country's flag, but after killing a woman who he later learns was carrying a white flag, he changes his mind about his former flag-waving patriotism, instead putting his trust now in the white flag. Near the end, the veteran reacts with revulsion to those who see him as "A hero of war, is that what they see? Just medals and scars, so damn proud of me." Tim says he was expressing sarcasm because many people treat soldiers like heroes, even though many don't feel like heroes.  Tim McIlrath wrote this song due to the violence in the war, but also for the troops that serve overseas protecting their respective countries.  Music video A music video was made for the song, although it wasn't released as a single from the album, and thus the song was mistaken to be the album's third single. The music video was released on May 20, 2009, on the band's Myspace page.  The video fades between lead singer Tim McIlrath sitting and singing the song while playing the acoustic guitar, and shots of soldiers in war.  Along these are clips of a visibly distressed soldier. The video ends with the soldier walking down a street, bare-chested, with paint on his face, while sirens go off in the background, implying he had descended into violence due to PTSD while in normal society.  Personnel  Tim McIlrath – lead vocals, Acoustic guitar  Charts  Weekly charts  Year-end charts  Certifications  See also  List
Thomas Joseph Corcoran (born May 23, 1939) is an American former politician. He served four terms in Congress as a U.S. Representative from Illinois (1977–84). He is a Republican.  Biography Corcoran was born in Ottawa, Illinois. He graduated from Marquette High School in Ottawa in 1957. He received a B.A. from the University of Notre Dame in 1961 and did graduate work at University of Illinois, the University of Chicago, and Northwestern University.  He served in the United States Army as an artillery officer from 1963 to 1965 and was stationed in Germany. He then went into politics, serving in staff positions for the State of Illinois Office in Washington, D.C. from 1969 to 1972 and for William Harris while Harris was President of the Illinois Senate. After serving as vice president of the Chicago-North Western Transportation Co. from 1974 to 1976, he was elected to Congress in 1976 and was re-elected three times.  In the
Chaetostephana rendalli is a moth of the  family Noctuidae. It is found in Angola, the Democratic Republic of Congo, Malawi, Tanzania and Zambia.  References  Moths described in 1896 Agaristinae Lepidoptera of the Democratic Republic of the
George A. Hannauer (December 19, 1872 – November 2, 1929) was the president of the Boston and Maine Railroad.  He was born in St.
Silvano  is a surname. Notable people with the surname include: 
Cnephasia delnoyana is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Portugal
Fabio Escobar Benítez (born 2 February 1982 in Asunción) is a Paraguayan retired football forward.  Career Escobar began his career in Sportivo San Lorenzo of Paraguay before playing for Puerto Montt of Chile, Club Toluca and Atlético Mexiquense of Mexico, Macara of Ecuador and Nacional Asunción of Paraguay. He was the top scorer in the 2008 Torneo Apertura.  In 2009, he joined Atlético Tucumán of Argentina, following their relegation from the Primera División he joined Argentinos Juniors in 2010.  Escobar competed as part of the Paraguay national football team in the 2004 Copa América.  References  External links           1982 births Living people Paraguayan men's footballers Paraguay men's international footballers Paraguayan expatriate men's footballers Club Sportivo San Lorenzo footballers Club Nacional footballers Deportes Puerto Montt footballers Deportivo Toluca F.C. players Atlético Tucumán footballers Argentinos Juniors footballers Atlético Huila footballers Club Deportivo Capiatá players Club Rubio Ñu footballers Sportivo Trinidense footballers Deportivo Santaní players Sportivo Luqueño players Deportivo Toluca F.C. Reserves and Academy footballers Paraguayan Primera División players Chilean Primera División players Argentine Primera División players Categoría Primera A players Footballers from Asunción Men's association football forwards Paraguayan expatriate sportspeople in Argentina Paraguayan expatriate sportspeople in Chile Paraguayan expatriate sportspeople in Mexico Paraguayan expatriate sportspeople in Ecuador Paraguayan expatriate sportspeople
Bassey Ikpi  is a Nigerian-born American spoken-word artist, writer, and mental health advocate. She has appeared on HBO's Russell Simmons Presents Def Poetry five times and her poetry has opened shows for Grammy Award-winning artists. She's also the New York Times bestselling author of I'm Telling The Truth But I'm Lying. In 2020 she judged the Indiana Review Creative Nonfiction Prize. She also features on the OkayAfrica's 100 Women campaign 2020 honoree list, which celebrates women building infrastructure for future African generations.  Early life and work Ikpi was born in Ikom, Cross River State, Nigeria, on August 3, 1976, to a Nigerian family who were originally from Ugep. When she was four years old, she relocated with her parents to the Stillwater, Oklahoma, United States where she lived until she was 13. Then she moved to Greenbelt, Maryland, a suburb of Washington DC.  She attended the University of Maryland, Baltimore County to study English. While in college, she began performing her poetry on the Baltimore and Washington DC open mic circuit. She left the course in her final year to move to New York City.  Ikpi's career began on the American talk show Teen Summit, which aired on Black Entertainment Television. She then moved, aged around 21, to New York City for more opportunities. It was there she discovered "the Louder Arts Movement", the Nuyorican Poets Café, and later the Def Poetry Jam. It was also there where she learnt how to take her writing seriously. She became a successful spoken-word artist in the city and was featured on the Def Poetry Jam TV show for 5 seasons, touring with the company for a year starting at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival, and then for another year doing the National tour with the original Broadway cast. She was on tour with Def Poetry Jam from 2001 to 2004.  Bipolar diagnosis In January 2004, in Chicago, during one of her tours around the country for the Def Poetry Jam, she had a breakdown from depression, anxiety and stress-induced insomnia. A few days later, in New York City, she was diagnosed with Bipolar II Disorder, she wrote about it publicly in an opinion piece on Huffington Post in January 2011. something she had always felt had been there since she was a kid. She has also spoken publicly about it in many public fora, as a way to help others overcome the stigma and understand the struggles. She has also written many freelance pieces "for several media outlets on the topic of mental health and pop culture commentary including Ebony, Huffington Post, Essence, xoJane and The Root."  Return to Nigeria She returned to Nigeria first when she was 12, and later when she was 18. In 2012, at age 36, she returned to Lagos, Nigeria to work in spoken word, writing, and television.  While in Lagos, she organised what she called the "Basseyworld Presents Naija Poetry Slam", a National Poetry Slam competition, the first in the country, in September, 2012. The show was described as "an avenue to give a taste of Bassey’s innovative approach to the art of spoken word in an evening of poetry and thought-provoking discussion."  In 2014, months after hundreds of school children were kidnapped from Chibok in Nigeria, Ikpi organised 'Do The Write Thing', an event to show support through the spoken word for the Bring Back Our Girls campaign. She also recorded a song with popular Nigerian artiste 2Face Idibia in support of the movement called 'Break The Silence'.  The Siwe Project and No Shame Day  Ikpi founded The Siwe Project, named after Siwe Monsanto, the fifteen-year-old daughter of her friend, who committed suicide in 2011 after bouts of depression as a way to encourage people with mental illnesses to "be inspired to seek help and to manage their illnesses and to not be afraid or ashamed to talk about it." The Siwe Project is registered as "a global non-profit dedicated to promoting mental health awareness throughout the international black community."  The project was launched in December
Krężna-Kolonia  is a village in the administrative district of Gmina
Kerenina Sunny Halim (also spelled Karenina; born in Jakarta, 13 June 1986), is an Indonesian American model who was Miss Indonesia (DKI Jakarta) 2009. She represented Indonesia at the Miss World 2009 in South Africa in November–December the same year.  Kerenina is of mixed descent, her mother is from Montana, United States and her father from Bandung, Indonesia, she has five siblings, and is number four in a family of six children.  Education  Kerenina attended a Christian Boarding School in her early years from grade school until her senior high school graduation, and in her teen years actively participated in several humanitarian projects throughout the Indonesian archipelago. By the age of 22, Kerenina had received long-distance certificates in Marketing, Childhood Psychology and Teaching, Home Economics, and Contemporary Arts, all of which were issued by Christian Vocational Academy, a long-distance learning institution.  In her last year of high school, Kerenina completed a performing arts course while she lived in Denpasar, Bali. She performed with a modern contemporary arts dance troupe which participated in several competitions, and attained first place in the Jakarta Arts festival 2001. In addition, she also took a music course in drums, and attended vocals lessons. During her first year of college, she spent a year in India, where she helped to set up a school for deaf children. She also played an active role in consolidating women's rights in the women's correctional institute in New Delhi.  Early Career  At the age of 21, she moved out on her own and began to work independently, teaching for the next two years on subjects such a Character building and child psychology at a grade school in Jakarta, Sekolah Mentari. Kerenina also spent her spare time doing various TV commercials and modelling jobs, such as catwalks at fashion shows and photo spreads for fashion magazines. In April 2009, she auditioned for the Miss Indonesia 2009 competition and was selected as one of the 33 finalists to compete for the Miss Indonesia 2009 title. Kerenina was chosen to be the representative from DKI Jakarta and along with 32 other finalists began the two weeks quarantine preparation program leading up to the grand final event of the competition. Kerenina went on to win the title and was crowned a Miss Indonesia 2009, at the grand finale event on 5 June 2009.  Within the same year Kerenina was also sent as the representative of Indonesia to compete in the Miss World competition, in November and December 2009. And was the first Indonesian ever to win top scores in all 5 Fast Track competitions of the miss world competition.  Career  Kerenina is currently a young budding career woman and entrepreneur, and active in several charity and humanitarian organisations focusing on Education and Healthcare for underprivileged children around Indonesia.  Kerenina is co-founder and partner of OYA Clinics Indonesia, a Medical and Healthcare Clinic located in Taman Sari Semanggi, South Jakarta and operating under the medical license of Yayasan Rumah Sakit MH Thamrin.  OYA Clinic provides general healthcare services, Aesthetic services and treatments, an in-house Dental Clinic and IV Drip facilities for hangover and Sports applications, and Women and Children specialised healthcare services, as well as a developing Lab tests service for Hormone testing and Gut Flora imbalances.  OYA Clinic also has a Humanitarian Aid project called OYA Peduli where they launched a Vaccine Campaign to provide free vaccine services for underprivileged children throughout Indonesia, and regularly help with free medical screening and medicinal care for orphaned and street children around Jakarta, Indonesia.  Kerenina is also Head Of Corporate Communication in MFUN an ICO for the gaming industry and traded on the INDODAX and Cryptocurrency Exchange (MFUNN MOBILE MEDIA PRIVATE LIMITED) from January 2018 – Present.  Kerenina is also an entrepreneur and investor in IMP Minerals, an open surface mine with high grade deposits of Lead, Zinc, Copper, Silver (PT Indo Mineralita Prima) from March 2018 – Present. (https://www.impminerals.com)  Early Years Humanitarian Aid Programs and Charitable Projects  Kerenina spent her first year of college in India, where she helped to set up a school for deaf
Ethel Smith (born Ethel Goldsmith; November 22, 1902 – May 10, 1996) was an American organist who played primarily in a pop or Latin style on the Hammond organ. She had a long recording career and appeared in many films.  Early life and career Born Ethel Goldsmith, to parents Elizabeth Bober and Max Goldsmith, she performed from a fairly young age and traveled widely, after studying both music and several languages at Carnegie Institute of Technology. She became proficient in Latin music while staying in South America, and it is the style of music with which she is now most associated.  Film and recording career Smith performed in several Hollywood films such as George White's Scandals (1945) and Melody Time (1948). In these appearances, she was known for her colorful, elaborate costumes, especially her hats. She was married to Hollywood actor Ralph Bellamy from 1945 to 1947, at the height of her fame, and their acrimonious divorce made headlines. She never had children.  Her rendition of "Tico Tico" became her best-known hit. She performed it in the MGM film Bathing Beauty (1944), after which her recording reached the U.S. pop charts in November 1944, peaked at #14 on January 27, 1945, and sold nearly two million copies worldwide.  "Down Yonder" was her second national hit, reaching #16 on October 27, 1951.  Smith's recording of "Monkey on a String" became the theme song for Garfield Goose and Friends, a popular children's television show in Chicago that ran from 1952 until 1976.  Smith was a guitarist as well as an organist, and in her later years occasionally played the guitar live for audiences, but all her recordings were on the organ. She recorded dozens of albums, mostly for Decca Records.  Death Smith died on May 10, 1996, at age 93.  Selected works  78s Teddy Bear's Picnic / Fiddle-Faddle, Decca 60.298 American Series (very rare) Tico Tico, Decca 23353 Tico Tico / Lere Lero, Decca BM03571 American Series White Christmas / Jingle Bells, Decca BM30601 American Series
The Union Democrat is a newspaper that serves the Sonora and Sierra Nevada foothills area of Tuolumne and Calaveras counties in California since 1854.  History  The paper was acquired by Oregon-based Western Communications in 1998. Before then, it was owned and published by Harvey and Helen McGee.   In 2019, Western Communications declared bankruptcy, placing all of its properties, including
Hubert Augustus Caldwell (December 26, 1907 – August 9, 1972)
The Album is the first studio album by Latyrx, an American hip hop duo consisting of Lateef the Truthspeaker and Lyrics Born. It was released on
William Henry Osborn (December 21, 1820 – March 2, 1894) was an American businessman and philanthropist. He was a railroad tycoon who, as head of the Illinois Central Railroad and later the Chicago, St. Louis and New Orleans Railroad, became one of the most prominent railroad leaders in the United States. A friend and patron of the painter Frederic Edwin Church, he was an avid art collector. His two sons went on to become presidents of prominent museums in New York City.  Early life Osborn was born to a farming family on December 21, 1820, in Salem, Massachusetts, where he was educated. He was the son of William Osborn and Lucy (née Bowditch) Osborn.  His first paternal American ancestor in the United States was William Osborn, who moved from England in 1684 and settled in Salem. From his mother's family, he was probably descended from the Salem navigator, Nathaniel Bowditch.  Career Osborn began his career with the Boston East India shipping company. In 1841, he went to Manila as a junior partner in the firm of Peel, Hubbell & Co. After ten years working in business in the Philippines, he took a financial interest in the Illinois Central Railroad in 1854. The Illinois Central, the first land grant railroad in the United States, was on the verge of bankruptcy in the wake of a stock scandal known as the Schuyler frauds that was connected with the New York and New Haven Railroad. One year after joining the railroad's board of directors, he was elected president, a position he held from December 1, 1855, until July 11, 1865.  Beginning in 1875 and 1882, Osborn was involved in the Chicago, St. Louis and New Orleans Railroad and guided the railroad from difficult economic times to profitability.  Philanthropy In 1882, he retired from the railroad business to concentrate on philanthropy near his Rhenish style home, Castle Rock, in Garrison, New York, in the Hudson Highlands, which he purchased in 1859. He was involved with the New York Society for the Relief of the Ruptured and Crippled (today known as the Hospital for Special Surgery) and the Training School for Nurses at Bellevue Hospital.  Osborn was a patron and close friend of Richard Cobden (the English economist), Sir James Caird and Sir John Rose (who had both invested heavily in the Illinois Central).  Art patron and collector Osborn was also a close friend and patron of the Hudson River School landscape painter Frederic Edwin Church, who sold him works including The Andes of Ecuador, Chimborazo, and The Aegean Sea. Osborn's son, William Church, was named for Church. Church introduced Osborn to other artists, including Samuel W. Rowse and Erastus Dow Palmer, from whom Osborn also collected works, and may also have advised Osborn on the acquisition of European art. The siting of Castle Rock, Osborn's home overlooking the Hudson River in Garrison, was influenced by that of Church's home, Olana, in Greenport. Church died at the Osborns' Park Avenue townhouse on April 7, 1900, less than a year after his wife Isabel had also died there.  Osborn also collected paintings by other American artists, including Thomas Cole, Asher Durand, George Loring Brown, John Frederick Kensett, Sanford Robinson Gifford, John William Casilear, Henry Peters Gray, Emmanuel Leutze, Daniel Huntington and Louis Rémy Mignot, and European artists including Charles Landelle, Florent Willems, Franz Defregger, George Jacobides and Benjamin Vautier.  Personal life  In 1853, Osborn married Virginia Reed Sturges (1830–1902).  Virginia was the eldest daughter of businessman and arts patron Jonathan Sturges and his wife, Mary Pemberton (née Cady) Sturges.  Her sister, Amelia Sturges, married J. Pierpont Morgan in 1861, but died of tuberculosis four months after their wedding, and her great-grandfather was Continental Congressman and U.S. Representative Jonathan Sturges.  Together, Virginia and William were the parents of two sons:   Henry Fairfield Osborn (1857–1935), a geologist, paleontologist, and eugenist who served as president of the American Museum of Natural History. He married writer Lucretia Thatcher Perry (1858–1930), daughter of Brigadier General Alexander James Perry, in 1881.  Her sister, Josephine Adams Perry, married Junius Spencer Morgan II.  William Church Osborn (1862–1951), who served as president of the Metropolitan Museum of Art.  He married philanthropist and social reformer Alice Clinton Hoadley Dodge (1865–1946), a daughter of William E. Dodge Jr.  Osborn died in New York City on March 2, 1894.  After a funeral at their city residence, 32 Park Avenue in Manhattan, officiated by the Rev. Drs. Joseph McIlvaine and Joseph Duryea, he was buried at Saint Philip's Church Cemetery in Garrison.  His eldest son Henry inherited Castle Rock and after his wife's death on February 7, 1902, the remainder of the estate was equally divided between their sons.  Descendants Through his son Henry, he was the grandfather of Alexander Perry Osborn (1884–1951); Henry Fairfield Osborn Jr. (1887–1969); and Gurdon Saltonstall Osborn (1895–1896), who died young.  Through his son William, he was the grandfather of Grace Dodge Osborn;  Maj. Gen. Frederick Henry Osborn (1889–1981), who married Margaret Schieffelin (a descendant of John
Beale GAA (Irish: ) is a Gaelic football club based in the town of Ballybunion, County Kerry, Ireland. Founded in 1972, the club fields teams in competitions organised by the North Kerry Football Board. Beale won the North Kerry Senior Football Championship in 2014. Sand in our Boots, a book published in October 2016 and recording the history of Beale GAA club, won the GAA's 2016 MacNamee Award for 'best GAA club publication'.  Honours  North Kerry Senior Football Championship (8): 1977,
Liveandirect is a live album by English acid house and rave producer Adamski. Released in December 1989 by MCA Records, it is his debut album. Having gained a following and positive reputation in the UK rave scene in the late 1980s where he made his name, Adamski signed to MCA and recorded Liveandirect at various raves, nightclubs and parties across the United Kingdom, as well as at Amnesia, Ibiza, in summer 1989. It has since been considered to be both the first live rave album and the first rave album overall. Employing acid house and techno styles, the music on the album is instrumental and was created using a Roland TR-909 drum machine and Ensoniq SQ-80 sequencer.  The album's release coincided with the release of his debut single "N-R-G", which reached number 12 on the UK Singles Chart. After the number-one success of Adamski's second single "Killer", the album itself peaked at number 47 in mid-1990, after originally peaking at number 65 in December 1989. A VHS release with the same name as the album was released in 1990 and contained the music videos for the aforementioned singles and live footage. The album received positive reviews from music critics, with some noting the stylistic variety. For the album's 20th anniversary in 2009, Adamski recorded a studio recreation of the album entitled Vile Acid Rent.  Background  Adamski (born Adam Tinley) made his chart debut in the early 1980s with the adolescent-aged punk rock band The Stupid Babies, and later became a member of Diskord Datkord, a post-punk/hip hop fusion band, in the mid 1980s. He became interested in house music by the decade's end, and after meeting Chicago house pioneer Jimi Polo, who taught him the basics of using a music sequencer, he became acquainted with many major figures in house music, including Adonis and Marshall Jefferson. He visited Ibiza as his love for the house subgenre acid house grew, and as a self-employed keyboard player on the Enterprise Allowance Scheme, ultimately began playing live DJ sets at numerous raves and warehouse parties across London. The rave scene in London was new and flourishing fast, and he was catapulted into becoming one of the UK rave scene's leading names very quickly.  With Adamski having built up a reputation and following via his live work, he attracted the interest of major labels, subsequently signing to MCA Records with help from entrepreneur Paul Smith, who ran the Le Petit Prince restaurant in London. His debut album, Liveandirect is a live release of Adamski's work recorded in summer 1989 at various raves, nightclubs and parties in the United Kingdom as well as at Amnesia, Ibiza. DJ Mag described the album as "[cobbling] together bits and bobs of live recordings from raves." In his book Energy Flash, writer Simon Reynolds refers to Liveandirect as a "live house album."  Composition  Liveandirect takes 13 tracks recorded live from the aforementioned DJ sets that are accordingly mixed together. As Keyboard magazine wrote: "Each side of this instrumental LP is one continuous groove, with arrangement breaks between tunes but never a pause in the beat." Adamski described the music as "instrumental, techno-ish stuff." The material is predominated by four-on-the-floor bass drum with periodical breaks provided by solo synth riffs. Also conspicuous on the album is filter resonance and synthesised strings. Compared to other contemporary rave albums, Liveandirect was relatively slow; Adamski said that "the fastest thing [on the album] was only about 125bpm — and that actually felt fast!" A short version of Adamski's debut single, "N-R-G", opens the album. "I Dream of You" also appeared on a 4-track seven-inch single covermount into a 1989 issue of Record Mirror.  Throughout the album's material, Adamski uses his preferred live set-up of a Roland TR-909 for drum sounds and Ensoniq SQ-80 sequencer for the other instrumental sounds. Although the SQ-80's piano and strings sounds are factory presets, Adamski programmed the rest of the sounds in himself, contributing to a distinctive "Adamski sound" according to Simon Trask from Music Technology. Trusk cited "N-R-G", for instance, as the track's distinguished bass sound originated via "some tweaking of the filter cutoff and resonance on a brass sound." Working in short sequences, Adamski recorded all his keyboard parts onto the Ensoniq SQ-80's onboard sequencer in real time. He said: "The most energetic tracks are built over two-bar units. In general I use four bars, but I also like to append sequences so that I can have, for instance, an eight-bar strings sequence over a repeating bassline. The most I ever do is 16 bars." Although Adamski was in possession of a Casio FZ10M sampler, it is not used for rhythmic loops; it only surfaces sporadically on the album in a sparing fashion, namely with an "I love technology" sample and several percussion sounds taken from bhangra music. To ensure spontaneity while working with the TR-909 and SQ-80, he developed several of his own techniques, described by Trask as follows:  Release Liveandirect was released by MCA Records in the United Kingdom in November 1989. Also released that month was his debut single, "N-R-G", a "squiggly acid piano shuffler" which also featured in live form on Liveandirect. The track reached number 12 on the UK Singles Chart in January 1990. The album itself was released to modest success. It originally entered the UK Albums Chart in December 1989 at number 65, then returned to the chart in February 1990, now reaching a height of number 53, and then finally re-charting in May 1990 after
Hanover Chapel, Brighton was originally a congregationalist chapel built in Brighton, East Sussex in 1825. It was built on land located beside Church Street and North Road for Rev. James Edwards, a local presbyterian minister. However, Edwards
Stop Foodborne Illness, or STOP (formerly known as Safe Tables Our Priority), is a non-profit public health organization in the United States dedicated to the prevention of illness and death from foodborne pathogens. It was founded following the West Coast E. coli O157:H7 outbreak of 1993 in California and the Pacific Northwest. STOP's headquarters are in Chicago, Illinois.   History STOP formed as a grassroots organization out of the collective grief and anger of parents of victims of a major 1993 E. coli O157:H7 outbreak associated with Jack in the Box hamburgers. The outbreak, which resulted in the death of four children and more than 700 people falling ill, garnered nationwide media attention.  References  External links  Food Poisoning Bulletin | Food Safety and E coli News  Spices Top
Tackhead Tape Time is the debut album of Tackhead, released in 1987 through Nettwerk.  Composition  Tackhead Tape Time is a "robotic" electro-funk album, containing abrasive beats, funky guitar, and instances of tape delay, which hint at the album's dub and reggae roots. The album also boasts spliced, sampled speeches and quotes from the
The women's high jump event at the 2002 Commonwealth Games was held on
Xenoturbella profunda, the purple sock or sock worm, is a marine, benthic, deep-water worm-like species that belongs to the genus Xenoturbella. It was discovered in eastern Pacific Ocean by a group of Californian and Australian scientists. The species was described in 2016 from seven specimens.  X. profunda shares morphological similarities with other species of the genus
Hersilia savignyi is a hersiliid spider found in Kerala, Maharashtra, Gujarat,   Telangana, Karnataka, West Bengal, Myanmar, Philippines, Singapore, and Sri Lanka.  Popularly called the "two-tailed spider", this spider is common in southern India. It lives on the trunks of large trees — including commonly on the trunk of the coconut palm. Its colour closely matches that of the tree trunks in which it lives. It feeds on moths, ants, and other smaller spiders. Its cocoon is generally laid in the holes or crevices of trees. It can be easily identified by its long spinnerets. These spiders prefer proteinaceous foods over carbohydrates though they may accept foods containing carbohydrates under stressed conditions. The spider
Exaerete is a genus of euglossine bees found from Mexico to northern Argentina. Like all orchid bees, they are restricted to the Neotropics. All but one species is metallic green, and they are cleptoparasites in the
Beahitse is a town and commune () in southwestern Madagascar. It belongs to the district of Ampanihy, which is a part of Atsimo-Andrefana Region. The population of the commune was estimated to be approximately 17,000 in 2001 commune census.  Only primary schooling is available. It is also a site of industrial-scale  mining. The majority 90% of the population of the commune are farmers, while
I Hate Mondays () is a 1971 Polish comedy film directed by Tadeusz Chmielewski.  Plot  The action of the film takes place on an unlucky Monday in Warsaw and focuses on episodes from the lives of a dozen or so characters. Italian industrialist Francesco Rovanelli
Bradley (Brad) Grant Trivers (born 22 December 1971) is a Canadian politician, who was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Prince Edward Island in the 2015 provincial election. He represents the electoral district of Rustico-Emerald as a member of the Progressive Conservative Party.  Political career  He was previously the party's candidate in the same district for the 2011 election, losing to incumbent MLA Carolyn Bertram.  Prior to his election to the legislature, Trivers ran an information technology consulting business in New Glasgow. He is a graduate of the University of Waterloo.  Trivers was defeated for the leadership of the Progressive Conservative Party, in 2017 by James Aylward.  On May 9, 2019, Trivers was appointed to the Executive Council of Prince Edward Island as Minister of Education and Lifelong Learning and Minister of Environment,
"Rising Seas" is a song by Australian rock band Midnight Oil. The song was released on 28 October 2021 as the lead single from the band's thirteenth studio album Resist.  The group performed the song on The Sound on 28 November 2021.  At the APRA Music Awards of 2023, the song was shortlisted for Song of the Year and nominated for Most Performed Rock Work.   In 2023 the song was nominated for the Environmental Music Prize.  Music video The Cameron March-directed and Mac De Souza-executive produced video features the band performing the song in front of stock footage from Greenpeace and footage including Sydney shrouded in smoke, melting icecaps and floods.  Critical reception Sosefina Fuamoli from Music Feeds said the song is "as pointed as you'd expect" saying "the focus of 'Rising Seas' sits squarely on creating real change; as well as Australia's lack of action when it comes to achieving a number of targets, particularly to do with carbon emission. A song like 'Rising Seas' is made to incite and encourage positive change, as much as it about calling out the incompetencies and failings
Thomas Burns (16 December 1956 – 15 May 2008) was a Scottish professional football player and manager. He is best known for his long association with Celtic, where he was a player, manager and coach.  Usually a midfielder, Burns played for Celtic from 1975 to 1989 and won six Scottish league championships, five Scottish Cups, and the Scottish League Cup once. He was also a Scotland international, winning eight caps between 1981 and 1988.  He finished playing with Kilmarnock, where he also began his managerial career. He returned to Celtic as manager in 1994, and won the Scottish Cup in 1995 – the first trophy the club had won in six years. After being sacked by Celtic in 1997 he managed Reading from 1998 to 1999. Burns returned to Celtic in 2000, and held positions including assistant manager, head of youth development and first team coach. He was also assistant manager of Scotland from 2002 to 2007.  Burns died of melanoma on 15 May 2008, aged 51.  Early life Burns was born in the Calton area of Glasgow, where he was brought up with his two sisters. He was educated at St Mary's Roman Catholic School and at St Mary's Secondary School.  Playing career  Celtic Burns grew up supporting Celtic and began playing football with St.Mary's Boys Guild. He went on to play for Eastercraigs Boys Club and then Celtic Boys Club. After receiving offers to go to England to play professionally, he signed for Celtic in 1973, and was then farmed out to Maryhill Juniors in order to gain experience.  Burns made his debut against Dundee United on 19 April 1975 under manager Jock Stein, and by the end of the 1976–77 (which ended with Celtic as champions) had become a regular in the team. His best personal output was in 1983–84 with 13 goals from 55 appearances in all competitions, although Celtic finished as runners-up to Aberdeen in both the League and the Scottish Cup, and lost the League Cup final to Rangers.  Burns was a vital part of the side managed by Billy McNeill which won the league and cup double in 1987–88, the club's centenary season, participating in 37 matches in the campaign. In total, he made 353 league appearances for Celtic over 15 years and scored 52 goals, won six Scottish League titles and four Scottish Cups. In December 1989, just prior to his 33rd birthday, he received a testimonial match against Ajax in which he threw his boots to the crowd at Celtic Park. The club would later officially describe him as "a true Celtic legend" while the player himself stated that he was merely "a supporter who got lucky".  Kilmarnock Immediately following his testimonial, Burns moved to third-tier Kilmarnock for a fee of £50,000, and in his first season in East Ayrshire helped the club achieve promotion. In 1990–91 'Killie' consolidated their status in the division with Burns playing a pivotal role (37 appearances, all as a starter, with 8 goals).  Management and coaching  Kilmarnock Burns became player-manager of Kilmarnock in April 1992, replacing Jim Fleeting for the final few games of the season. In 1992–93, his first full campaign in charge, the Rugby Park club won promotion to the Scottish Premier Division after a ten-year absence, with Burns also playing in 39 league fixtures during the season. He then featured in a dozen top-flight matches to help Kilmarnock avoid relegation, with his penultimate career appearance at the age of 37 being a 1–0 home win over Rangers which was also the last match prior to the stadium's redevelopment.  Celtic Burns moved to become manager of Celtic (replacing Lou Macari) at the start of the 1994–95 season in acrimonious circumstances, as he was still under contract to Kilmarnock as both player and manager. Kilmarnock refused to release him from his contract and the Scottish Football Association subsequently fined Celtic £100,000 for 'tapping', or speaking to Burns without obtaining his current club's permission. Kilmarnock were also permitted to retain his playing registration, effectively ending his professional career as a player.  At Celtic, his team grew a reputation for playing attractive and attacking football and they won the Scottish Cup in 1995;<ref>Reid, Harry (2005), The Final Whistle", Birlinn, 182, </ref> but Celtic proved unable to break the domination of Old Firm rivals Rangers. Burns signed players like Pierre Van Hooijdonk, Paolo Di Canio and Jorge Cadete, and while the Celtic team lost just one game in the league during the 1995–96 season, they were unable to beat the Rangers team managed by Walter Smith. Burns commented that "Andy Goram [the Rangers goalkeeper] broke my heart" would be on his tombstone. After losing a Scottish Cup semi-final to Falkirk in 1997, Burns was sacked from Celtic by chairman Fergus McCann and went on to work under former Celtic colleague Kenny Dalglish at Newcastle United as a coach.  Reading On 25 March 1998, Burns was appointed manager of Reading, who were struggling in Division One
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Madagascar refers to the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) and its members in Madagascar. In 1990, a small congregation was created in Madagascar. In 2022, there were 14,353 members in 43 congregations.  History  The first branch of the LDS Church in Madagascar was organized in 1990 with Razanapanala Ramianadrisoa as president. Ramiandrisoa had joined the LDS Church in France while studying there in 1986. The first LDS missionaries to enter Madagascar were Fred L. Forsgren and his wife Eileen who arrived in March 1991. The Church was legally recognized by the government of Madagascar in 1993.  Until 1998 missionary work in Madagascar was supervised from South Africa, but a separate mission for Madagascar was organized in 1998. The first LDS Church-built meetinghouse in Madagascar was completed in May 1999.  The Book of
The Jefferson County Judge/Executive is the nominal chief executive of Jefferson County, Kentucky. On January 3, 2003, the county government merged with that of its largest city, Louisville, to create the Louisville Metro Government. The former powers of the County Judge/Executive were assigned to the newly created office of Mayor of Louisville Metro.   The position of county judge/executive is established in the state constitution. Kentucky Revised Statutes 67.700 further establishes the position of "County Judge/Executive" for all counties in Kentucky. As a result of the city-county consolidation, Jefferson County is the only county in which the office has no governing powers, but
Savio may refer to:  People  Surname  Carlos Fernando Savio (born 1978), Uruguayan footballer  Daniel Savio (born 1978), Swedish musician  Dominic Savio (1842–1857), Italian saint   (1899–1945), Italian partisan  Edit Romanos Cristovão Savio (born 1992), Timorese footballer   Gaetano Savio (1937–2004), better known as Totò Savio, Italian composer, lyricist, producer and guitarist   (born 1948) Italian cycling manager  John Savio (1902–1938), Saami artist from Norway  José Carlos dos Anjos Sávio (born 1985), Brazilian footballer  Kathleen Savio (1963 - 2004), American homicide victim  Manuel Savio (1893–1948), pioneer of Argentine metallurgy and heavy industry  María Teresa Linares Savio (1920–2021), Cuban
The Department of Construction was an Australian government department that existed between December 1975 and December 1978.  Scope Information about
Saint-Côme-et-Maruéjols (; ) is a commune in the Gard department in southern France.  Population  See also Communes of the Gard department  References 
Cindy Klassen,  (born August 12, 1979) is a Canadian retired long track speed skater. She is a six-time medallist having achieved one gold, two silver, three bronze at the Winter Olympics.  She is the only Canadian Olympian to win five medals in a single Olympic games and the first female speed skater to win five medals in a single games at the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin, Italy. She was a world record holder in the 3000 m until March 2019, when her time was beaten by Martina Sáblíková. She also holds the Canadian records over 1500 m and 5000 m. Klassen is the leader of the Adelskalender, which is the all-time world ranking for speed skating. In 2003, Klassen became the first Canadian in 27 years to win the overall title at the World Speed Skating Championships.  Klassen has several major awards and accolades to her name having won the Lou Marsh Trophy in 2006, which is awarded for Canada's best athlete
The Bornean treepie (Dendrocitta cinerascens) is a passerine bird belonging to the treepies genus, Dendrocitta, of in the crow family, Corvidae. It is endemic to the island of Borneo. It is sometimes treated as a subspecies of the Sumatran treepie (D. occipitalis).  Description It is a fairly large bird, 40 centimetres in length, including a long graduated tail, broad rounded wings and short weak legs. The underparts are pinkish-brown. The head is also pinkish-brown with a pale silver crown and a dark stripe over the eye and across the forehead. The back is greyish and the rump is pale. The wings are black with a white patch and the tail is grey with black tips to the feathers. The bill and legs are grey-black and the eyes are reddish. The Sumatran treepie differs in having a pale brown back, a dark brown head with a white nape and a thinner bill.  The Bornean treepie is a noisy bird with a variety of loud, explosive calls including a bell-like whistle and various grunting and chattering calls. It is able to mimic the calls of other birds.  Ecology It is fairly common in most mountain ranges in the northern and central parts of Borneo. It mainly occurs between 300 and 2,800 metres above sea-level, being most common in valleys and foothills at the lower end of that range. It inhabits forest, forest edge, bamboo thickets and scrubland and is sometimes seen in cultivated areas. It forages in the tree canopy, alone or in small groups, searching for small fruit, seeds and large insects such as beetles and cockroaches. It
Big Brother Thailand 1 was the first season of the Thailand reality television series Big Brother Thailand and aired on iTV's primetime block. The season started on 6 April 2005 and ended on 16 July 2005, lasting 106 days. It was the most talk-about season of Big Brother Thailand.  Housemates Twelve housemates entered the house together on the first night. Each
Carla Pérez (born 28 December 1982) is an Ecuadorian mountaineer, and mountain guide. In 2019 she became the first woman to successfully summit both Everest and K2 in the same year (in 1995 Alison Hargreaves reached both summits unsupported and without supplemental oxygen but died descending K2), and the first woman from the Americas to summit K2 without supplemental oxygen.  Early life When Pérez was four years old
Adam Ryan Dawson (born 5 October 1992) is an English professional footballer who plays as a winger.  Club career  Early career Born and raised in Bury, he attended Derby High School in the town. Dawson joined Liverpool from Bury at the age of 14 for a reported £100,000, having turned down an offer from Manchester City. Dawson spent two years back at Bury after being released by Liverpool but was then released on completion of his scholarship due to mutual consent.  Wigan Athletic In June 2011, Dawson signed his first professional contract with Premier League side Wigan Athletic, a one-year deal, following a successful trial. In the summer of 2012, Dawson was offered a new month-to-month contract. In August 2012, he joined Football League Two side Accrington Stanley on loan along with Ryan Watson. Dawson made his professional debut for the club in a 1–0 defeat to Carlisle United in the Football League Cup, coming on as a substitute for Luke Clark. At the end of the month Dawson moved back to Wigan after making one appearance. In November 2012, Dawson asked to be released from his contract having been frustrated at the lack of first-team opportunities and the chance to move out on loan, a move he would later regret.  Non league Dawson returned to football signing for North West Counties Football League Premier Division side Bacup Borough in November 2012. He made his debut for the club in the 1–0 home win against AFC Liverpool, in what proved to be his only appearance for the club. A week later, Dawson moved up the divisions to sign for Northern Premier League Premier Division side FC United of Manchester. Dawson made his debut the following day as a substitute in a 4–0 defeat to Rushall Olympic. Dawson went on to make four appearances for FC United, with his final appearance coming in a 1–0 win over Grantham Town in December 2012. In March 2013, Dawson was on the move again joining Conference Premier side Barrow on non-contract terms. His debut for the Bluebirds came in a 1–0 win over Dartford. Dawson went on to make nine appearances scoring 1 goal for Barrow but he couldn't stop the side from relegation to the Conference North at the end of the season. He was invited to stay at Barrow and join the squad in pre-season, however, he declined due to interest from Macclesfield Town, Bolton Wanderers, Luton Town, Morecambe, Hyde and Forest Green Rovers. In July 2013, Dawson joined NWCFL First Division side Nelson after turning down a contract from Barrow. He made a total of six league appearances for the Admirals scoring 3 goals.  Leicester City In October 2013, after leaving Nelson, Dawson returned to training with Barrow, but a move didn't materialise. He also spent time training with Scottish Championship side Dundee, but a move was scuppered due to a registration issue. In the same month, Dawson signed for Leicester City having spent a period on trial with the club. In May 2014, Dawson was offered a new contract for the following season.  Notts County (loan) On 7 August 2014, Dawson joined Notts County on a month-long loan. He made his debut on 9 August 2014 during County's 1–1 opening day draw with Preston North End, replacing Garry Thompson in the 35th minute. Dawson returned to
Edward Finch may refer to:  Politicians Edward Finch (diplomat)
Gigantometrus is a genus, whose members are also known by the collective vernacular name giant forest scorpions. There only two species in this genus. 
The Prince Albert Rural Water Utility or PARWU is a rural water utility independent of City of Prince Albert.  It was founded in 1993 by Colin Sheldon.  History In 1993, a steering committee made up of RM of Prince Albert residents was formed.  At that time their aim was to ensure a safe and adequate supply of water to their families and operations.  PARWU was formed by bylaw through the RMs of Prince Albert, RM of Buckland, and RM of Duck Lake.  By 1995, the 120-kilometres of pipeline was completed for the initial 125 subscribers.  That water source was vital for area businesses such as hog, beef, and dairy producers, and an oilseed processing operation.  The PARWU partnered with the City of Prince Albert as Prince Albert would become the main source for the water.  Since the initial pipeline was completed, it has expanded.  On November 8, 1996 a signing between the PARWU and Muskoday First Nations took place at the Muskoday Community Hall.  The signing was witnessed by chief of Muskoday First Nations Austin Bear, Colin Sheldon who was the chairman of PARWU at the time, then councilor of Prince Albert Lawrence Joseph, Indian Affairs representative Ray Gamercy, plus a number of Muskoday residents. Although Muskoday was notified a year and a half earlier that the pipeline was going in their direction.  They were in negotiations until the November 8th signing.  The pipeline in Muskoday went towards rectifying the water problem facing the reserve.  Water advisories On July 21, 2016, a leak was reported on Husky Energy's 16TAN pipeline where it crosses the North Saskatchewan River near Maidstone, Saskatchewan.  The spill effect around 70,000 residents in communities including North Battleford and Prince Albert.  The spill effected not only the City of Prince Albert, but also PARWU subscribers.  The City of Prince Albert shut off their intake valve in which they got their source of water from the North Saskatchewan River.  On August 17, 2019; general manager Ken Danger said PARWU subscribers would receive a "break on their bill," but didn't know how it would be done at that time.  They still experienced discolouration in their water as crews continued to clean it up.  On October 18, 2016, PARWU issued a boil water advisory on the RM of Buckland for precautionary reasons.  The day before (October 17), the City of Prince Albert experienced an issue with one of its pipelines near Central Ave. and River St. E..  The water was shut off PARWU in order to fix the issue before it was later turned back on.  On November 6, 2016; the precautionary drinking water drinking water advisory for both RMs of Prince Albert and Duck Lake were lifted.  PARWU said the system was flushed and the results of the results of the test samples deemed it had returned to acceptable limits.  When the advisory was originally put in place, general manager of PARWU Ken Danger said it effected users of the south line which included RMs of Prince Albert and Duck Lake.  The advisory was due to a depressurization of the water lines while they underwent repairs.  PARWU serves Davis Duck Lake Halcro McDowall Muskoday First Nations Red Deer Hill RM of Buckland RM of Duck Lake RM of Garden River RM of Prince Albert  Board members Here are the current board members representing the RMs of Prince Albert, Buckland, and Duck Lake as per the official website.  RM of Prince Albert Eric Schmalz - Chairperson Richard Wilson - Board member Wayne Acorn - Board member Mike Ethier - Board member Barton Franc - Board member  RM of Buckland Don Fyrk - Co-vice Chairperson Ken Danger - General Manager Arthur Brandolino - Board member Bob From - Board member Bill Hayes - Board member Teresa Hanson - Community member Brenda McDougall - Community member  RM of Duck Lake Remi Martin - Co-vice Chairperson Paul Allman - Board member Stanley Neufeld - Board member Lois McCormick - Board member  References  Prince Albert, Saskatchewan Buckland No. 491, Saskatchewan
The inaugural Test series between the New Zealand and South Africa national cricket teams took place in New Zealand in February and March 1932. South Africa won both matches of the two-match series. New Zealand were captained by Curly Page and South Africa by Jock Cameron.  Test series summary  First Test  Second Test  References  External links  South Africa in New Zealand, 1931-2 at Cricinfo  South Africa in Australia and New Zealand 1931-32 at CricketArchive  Quick, Cold,
Judy Stone (May 1, 1924 –
Kenneth Alexander may refer to:   Kenneth Alexander
Alfred Charles Johnson is an American molecular biologist and civil servant. He is the deputy director of management at the National Institutes of Health. Johnson was a principal investigator in the laboratory of molecular biology at the National Cancer Institute from 1996 to 2007.  Early life and education  Alfred Charles Johnson, the 12th in a family of 14 children, grew up near Selma, Alabama, where he attended a segregated high school. Johnson completed a Bachelor of Arts in chemistry at Albany State University in 1979. He earned a Ph.D. in biomedical sciences at the University of Tennessee in 1985. His dissertation was titled Hormonal responsiveness of developmentally regulated genes in fetal rat liver. Johnson conducted his doctoral research at the biology division of Oak Ridge National Laboratory. He joined the National Institutes of Health (NIH) in 1985 as an American Cancer Society postdoctoral fellow.  Career  From 1996 to 2007, Johnson was a principal investigator in the Laboratory of Molecular Biology of the National Cancer Institute Center for Cancer Research. He held several leadership positions at NIH including assistant director in the Office of Intramural Research (since 2004) and acting director of the Office of Loan Repayment and Scholarship (since 2000). In 2006, Johnson became director of the NIH Office of
"Buwan" () is a song written and sung by Filipino actor, singer and songwriter, Juan Karlos Labajo. Under the band name Juan Karlos, it was released on June 22, 2018, through MCA Music. The song became one of the most played OPM songs of 2018, winning Song of the Year at the 2019 Myx Music Awards, 2019 Awit Award for People's Voice Favorite Song. "Buwan" received huge popularity and started as a song challenge through social media platforms in the Philippines even overseas.  Live performances  Labajo premiered "Buwan" during his concert on May 19, 2019. He also performed the song on Mutia Ti Bauang 2019 (beauty pageant). Labajo also performed it during Rakrakan Festival 2019 and at GMMSF Awards Night and various malls in the Philippines. He also made a kundiman version (a genre of traditional Filipino love songs) of the song with his band.  Music video  The music video shows Labajo tying and blindfolding a woman (Maureen Wroblewitz) inside a dim room as he manages their adoration disdain relationship. In the video, Labajo acts being aggressive and fans said that it symbolizes serious and intense love towards her. Fans also searched at the other word of his song which is "Buwan", and they found the word "Luna" and said that that's why Labajo acts being aggressive and lunatic to a woman. The official music video was released and posted on YouTube on September 24, 2018. As of November 5, 2020, the music video has garnered over 144 million views, the music video reached 40 million in two
The Edson Hills () are a group of mainly ice-free hills lying south of Drake Icefall and west of Union Glacier in the Heritage Range of the Ellsworth Mountains in Antarctica. They were named by the University of Minnesota Ellsworth Mountains Party, 1962–63, for Dean T. Edson, a United States Geological Survey topographic engineer with the party.  Features Geographical features include:   Buggisch Peak  Drake Icefall  Elvers Peak  Hyde Glacier  Kosco Peak
Lukas Rotpuller (born 31 March 1991) is an Austrian footballer of Croatian descent who plays as a defender.  Career On 22 February 2018, Rotpuller signed
Jagrit Anand (born 15 July 1989) is an Indian cricketer. He plays List A and Twenty20 cricket for Delhi.  Due to his consistent performances in the games he was then selected in the Delhi & District Cricket Association (DDCA) U-17 team in 2004-2005 to play the Vijay Merchant trophy conducted by BCCI, he played for two consecutive years in 2004-2005 and 2005-2006 season where DDCA won the All India Championship in 2005-2006 (Virat Kohli and Ishant Sharma were part of the same team in both the seasons).  Early career He played the All India IPSC School Tournaments for Modern School Barakhamba Road which has produced several national and international cricketers. Post his school he did his graduation from Hansraj College, Delhi University where he was selected for his excellence in Cricket.  He represented Kolkata Knightriders in their tour to Australia in September-October 2008 where he was handpicked by John Buchanan (Chief Coach) in his talent hunt program across India. In 2010 he was selected for the DDCA Under-22 team for the prestigious CK Naidu Trophy conducted by BCCI where his performances helped him get selected for Delhi Ranji Trophy team in 2011. He went on to represent the Delhi First-Class team from 2011-2015. He made a remarkable debut by scoring 58 runs and taking 2 wickets against Services team. In 2012-2013 he was the member of the DDCA team which won the prestigious Vijay Hazare trophy. He played a crucial role in the finals by scoring 48 runs and adding a crucial 115 runs with Unmukt Chand.  Domestic career He also represented the DDCA U-25 team in CK Naidu Trophy in 2012-13 and 2013-14. He made his career best of 150 against Jammu and Kashmir. In 2014 he was one of the top 5 fast bowlers in Indian domestic circuit.  During this period, he played several prestigious All India Tournaments such as Moin Ud Daula and J.P. Atrey representing DDCA President’s XI. He was also selected to play in the Challenger Trophy in 2013, which is the most prestigious one day domestic tournament conducted by BCCI, under the captaincy of Virat Kohli. The team went on to be the Runners up.  In 2013, Jagrit represented Jamia University in the All India University Championship.  He played as a professional from Team Interface Transworld in the A division league in UAE from 2010-2014. In his very first tournament he won the Player of the tournament award in Sharjah Cricket Council. He also represented the Air India team from 2011-2014 which is the top cricket club of India. He played for the Delhi Mughals in the Superstar T 20 league held in Dubai where top international cricketers played for different teams.  Jagrit played his first international game against England in New Delhi in 2013 for DDCA team. He then went on to play the Journey to the World Cup tournament in Nepal where he played against the Nepal and
Luri music is referred to an ethno-cultural characteristic of Lurs in the Middle East. Luri music enjoys a various and ancient background.  Music instruments  The most popular Luri musical instruments include Sorna, Dohol, Tâl (Luri kamancheh), Tonbak (Tomak), and the common Iranian traditional instruments. Meanwhile, the Luri kamancheh is the only one    that is fundamentally different from other Iranian music instruments. The Lurs select the Mâhur as their basic musical scale to showcase
Chaminda Ruwan Kumarage, usually known as Chaminda Ruwan (born 29 July 1979) is a Sri Lankan born cricketer, who was a captain of the Singapore national cricket team. A right-handed batsman and right-arm fast-medium bowler, he has played for Singapore since 2005 having previously played first-class and List A cricket in his native Sri Lanka for Bloomfield Cricket and Athletic Club.  Biography  Sri Lankan career  Born in Kalutara in 1979, Chaminda made his first-class debut for Bloomfield Cricket and Athletic Club in January 1999, playing against Burgher Recreation Club and Sinhalese Sports Club. He played just one first-class match in 2000, against Police Sports Club, and made his List A debut that year, playing seven matches between October and November.  His final year in Sri Lankan cricket was in 2001, during which he played seven first-class matches and one List A match before moving to Singapore.  Singapore career His debut for Singapore came in the Stan Nagaiah Trophy series against Malaysia in May 2005. He also played ACC Fast Track Countries Tournament matches against Malaysia and Hong Kong that year.  In 2006, he again played in the Stan Nagaiah
May River High School is a public high school within the Beaufort County School District, located in Bluffton, South Carolina, United States. The school was opened in 2016 as a reliever to neighboring Bluffton High School, as a result of new growth and development. The school district is the southernmost district in Beaufort County. A larger K–12 campus is being constructed in the area.  Athletics May River High School competes at the Class AAAA level in the South Carolina High School League, moving up from their previous AAA classification in 2020. The school fields teams for boys in football, wrestling, basketball, swimming, cross country, track & field, tennis, golf, soccer, and lacrosse; and for girls in cheerleading, volleyball, basketball, swimming, cross country, soccer, track & field, tennis, and golf.  May River is a rival of Bluffton High School.  State
Nygmia solitaria is a moth of the family
Laura Attardi  is the Catharine and Howard Avery Professor of the school of medicine, and professor of radiation oncology and genetics at Stanford University where she leads the Attardi Laboratory. Attardi studies the tumor suppressor protein p53 and the gene that encodes it, TP53, to better understand mechanisms for preventing cancer.  Early life and education Laura Donatella Attardi is the daughter of biologists Giuseppe Attardi and Barbara Furman.  Laura Attardi received her BA in biochemistry from Cornell University in 1988. She earned her PhD in molecular and cell biology from the University of California at Berkeley in 1994, working with Robert Tjian. She then did postdoctoral work at Massachusetts Institute of Technology with Tyler Jacks.  Career In 2000, Attardi joined Stanford University School of Medicine in the departments of radiation oncology and genetics. Attardi is the Catharine and Howard Avery Professor of the school of medicine, and professor of radiation oncology and genetics at Stanford University She serves as a Program Director of the Cancer Biology and Cancer Stem Cells Program at Stanford Cancer Institute.  Attardi is co-editor  of the Annual Review of Cancer Biology and a member of the editorial board of the Journal of Cell Biology.   Research  Attardi studies the tumor suppressor protein p53 and the gene that encodes it, TP53. TP53 is the most frequently mutated gene (>50%) in human cancer, suggesting that it has a key role in preventing cancer formation.   The cellular mechanisms and transcriptional programs involved in p53 activation are complicated.  There is evidence that p53
This glossary of education-related terms is based on how they commonly are used in Wikipedia articles. This article contains terms starting with P – R. Select a letter from the table of contents to find terms on other articles.  P  Paradigm shift: The term first used by Thomas Kuhn in his famous 1962 book The Structure of Scientific Revolutions to describe the process and result of a change in basic assumptions within the ruling theory of science. Don Tapscott was the first to use the term to describe information technology and business in his book of the same title. It has since become widely applied to many other realms of human experience as well.  Peace education: The process of acquiring the knowledge and developing the attitudes, skills, and behaviour to live in harmony with oneself and with others. Peace education is based on a philosophy that teaches nonviolence, love, compassion, trust, fairness, cooperation, respect, and a reverence for the human family and all life on our planet. It is a social practice with shared
Código fuego () is a Spanish thriller drama television series created by Víctor Mato and Juanjo Díaz Polo that originally aired on Antena 3 in 2003. Produced by Cartel, its cast, led by José Coronado and Maribel Verdú, also featured the likes of Pedro Alonso, Pepo Oliva, Marián Aguilera, Antonio de la Torre, Cuca Escribano and Ramón Langa, among others. After a good performance of the pilot episode, the series' viewership ratings abruptly decreased to the point the series was cancelled with 2 episodes left unaired in the original run.  Premise  The plot tracks the personal and professional developments of a group of firefighters working at the 'Parque de Bomberos número 16'.  Cast  Production and release  Código fuego was created by Víctor Mato and Juanjo Díaz Polo and was produced by Cartel for Antena 3. Directed by Eva Lesmes and Miguel Ángel Díez, the series began filming in December 2002. It premiered on 15 January 2003, earning a 24.8% audience share. It was axed
The Coffee Pot is a historic roadhouse listed on the National Register of Historic Places located in the Grandin Court neighborhood of the independent city of Roanoke, Virginia, U.S.A. Completed in 1936, The Coffee Pot is an example of novelty architecture as its distinctive feature is that of a stucco coffee pot structure that is situated on the roof of the building. Today, this remains as the only active roadhouse located within the Roanoke Valley.  History The Coffee Pot was built in 1936 on what later became U.S. Route 221 (Brambleton Avenue) in Roanoke
Pick of the Litter is the sixth studio album by American R&B group The Spinners, released in August 1975 on the Atlantic label. The album was produced by Thom Bell and recorded at Sigma Sound Studios in Philadelphia.  History Pick of the Litter is generally considered the last of the quartet of classic Bell-produced studio albums the Spinners released between 1973 and 1975, and
{{Infobox person | name               = Shae Gill | honorific_suffix   =  | image              =  | caption            = Gill (right) with Ali Sethi (left) on Pasooris cover | alt                =  | native_name        =  | birth_name         = Anushae Babar Gill | birth_date         =  | birth_place        = Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan | occupation         =  | years_active       = 2022–present | works              =  | height             =  | education          = Forman Christian College
The Speaker is the presiding officer of the Legislative Assembly of Montserrat. The Speaker is elected by MPs, and does not have to be an Assembly
Taufiq Wahby (1891–1984) was a prominent Kurdish writer, linguist and politician. He first served in the Ottoman army as a colonel, but after the creation of Iraq by the British in 1920, he became an influential officer in the new Iraqi army. He also served eight terms in ministerial posts in the Iraqi government. He was instrumental in the design of a new Kurdish alphabet based on modified Arabic letters. Taufiq Wahbi also engaged in research concerning Yazidis and their religion.  Books   "Destûrî Zimanî Kurdî (Grammar of Kurdish Language), al-Haditha Publishers", Baghdad, 1929.  "Xwêndewarî Baw (Contemporary Literacy), al-Haditha Publishers", Baghdad, 1933.  "The remnants of Mithraism
Rotta is a village and a former municipality in Wittenberg district in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. Since 1 January 2010, it is part of the town Kemberg.  Geography  Rotta lies about 15 km southwest of Lutherstadt Wittenberg on the edge of the Düben Heath Nature Park.  Subdivisions
IOActive is an independent computer security services firm active in several areas. They are known for reporting high severity security vulnerabilities in a variety of products. IOActive has done researches on smart cities and the transportation and technology that connects them, and has worked with Global 500 companies in multiple industries.  References
The Orange County Library System (OCLS) is a public library system located in the Orlando area of Central Florida. Its headquarters are located in the Orlando Public Library in Downtown Orlando. The System is made up of 15 total locations, one main library (Orlando Public Library) and 14 branch locations. In 2020, the library system employed over 350 staff throughout the system, serving more than one million Orange County residents. The Orange County Library System is a 501(c)3 organization. The library system is led by its Chief Executive Officer Steve Powell and a five-member Library Board of Trustees.  History of the Orlando Public Library  Before the Orlando Public Library came into existence, the Sorosis Club of Orlando  maintained a circulating library for its members. This collection was initially on the second floor of the Old Armory Building on Court Street, and was subsequently moved to the Knox building at the intersection of Pine and Court Street. On May 11, 1920, Orlando citizens showed by a vote of 417 to 19 that they wanted a public library and were willing to pay for it.  Captain Charles L. Albertson, a retired Police Inspector of New York City and a winter resident of Orlando, had for many years been collecting books at his home in Waverly, New York. In November 1920, Captain Albertson offered his collection to the City of Orlando, on the condition that it furnish a suitable building to house it. The contract between the city of Orlando and Captain Albertson provided that Orlando would accept the gift of the Albertson collection and furnish the library building; that the library should be known as the Albertson Public Library; that Captain Albertson should be Advisory Superintendent of the Library throughout his lifetime; and that Orlando should suitably maintain the Library.  In 1924, the Booker T. Washington Branch of the Albertson Library was opened in 1924 to service the African American community of West Orlando. This branch library was originally established in the former rectory of an Episcopal church. Eddie T. Jackson would assume the role as librarian, making her Orlando's first African American librarian and would serve as such until her retirement in 1946. The library was relocated to a new building in 1954 and would stay in that building until 1984, when it was incorporated into the Washington Park Library in the Lila Mitchell Community Center. The building was purchased by the Shiloh Baptist Church in 1994 and renamed the building the T.C. Collier Center. A plaque now hangs at the 528 West Jackson Street location, in honor of the Booker T. Washington Library and its librarian Mrs. Gloria Riley Merriett.   Preparation for the new 1966 building began in 1962, when construction of a new Main Library was approved by the Orlando voters, and the City acquired additional land adjacent to the original site. In 1964, the library moved to temporary headquarters at 905 North Orange Avenue until the Albertson building was demolished and construction began. The Orlando Public Library was dedicated on August 7, 1966. The architect was John M. Johansen of New Canaan, Connecticut. He called his design a "composition in monolithic concrete."  As early as 1974, the need to expand the Orlando
